After having spent _**weeks**_ painting Evan's room while Emma was pregnant Evan finally got to experience it for himself this week! Up until now he had only slept either in the bed with Emma or had little naps in the pram and had never been in his cot!

But the time and money has paid off as he seems to like his room and his cot. Some days are better than others of course and there are days when he just screams when we try to put him down to sleep and he can't calm himself down but most of the time he grizzles a bit and then just falls alseep.

The nice thing is that he seems to like the room itself. We can see him looking at all the pictures on the wall, the pictures on his light, on the curtains - everywhere. When we were decorating I remember telling Emma that going to all this expense and effort was a bit of a waste as it would only really be for our benefit. I didn't think that babies cared much about their room but I was wrong and now I'm really pleased that we made it nice!

So finally, after four months we're now starting to get a little baby-free time to ourselves in the evenings which is nice. I found it difficult in the first few months when we couldn't seem to do anything for more than about 10 minutes without being interrupted. Looking back I think we made mistakes with Evan from the beginning - we didn't try hard enough to establish a routine and so he never really had a proper sleep routine or regular nap times - even feeding has been pretty much done on the fly. It just goes to show, it doesn't matter how much you read up before the baby is born - nothing actually prepares you for the real thing!
