Evan and I actually settled back into our work routine fairly quickly this time round. I was certain that we would have problems reintroducing Evan to nursery as Evan was only there for one week before being off sick for a week with me. I am glad that this was not the case though. He seemed fine and actually started sleeping a bit better in the day time at nursery this week.

My mum was released from hospital this week, but not even 24 hours later when she had a visit from her GP, they decided to send her back to hospital again because her breathing was not good enough. She was only in Surrey Hospital 3 days before they decided that she should be transferred to London so that the Doctor who did the damage to her could fix her!—Is that allowed?!?! An NHS Hospital deciding that they can't be bothered to treat a patient and that they should be treated by the original Doctor who messed up the initial operations.. This whole fiasco coupled with the events Caroline went through a few months ago has actually made me very wary of Hospitals.

We took a trip to Southend this weekend to see Caroline's mum and our friends Mel and James. This was the first trip away in the new family car and I have no idea how we managed when we did use the Clio because I was still able to fill this much bigger car. It probably didn't help that I also had a boxed highchair in the back with us for Caroline's mum.

We had arranged with the grandparents that it was getting difficult to feed Evan whilst visiting them and that they should both invest in a highchair that we could use at their homes. They both agreed... Well that was until we mentioned it on the telephone this week when arranging to visit Caroline's mum, she had decided that it was a waste of money and she didn't want to buy a highchair. She would just show us how she managed without a highchair when she had twins 50 years ago! We were both really angry because Evan can be difficult when it comes to feeding. If he gets distracted or doesn't want to eat, he will arch his back and protest with his arms flapping around. I should have let her try and then she probably would have been cleaning dried up crusty beef and potato off of her walls and furniture for the next 6 months :).

I just didn't want the hassle, so I decided that I would drive into town the next day and buy one. If I had had a few more days notice, I probably would have ordered it online to be delivered but we only had 1 days notice so that was out of the question. I didn't really think this through and it wasn't until I had bought the highchair and was sitting in the waiting chairs at my local Argos that it suddenly dawned on me... How on earth was I going to carry a highchair across town whilst I had Evan in his pushchair?! The highchair was too big to go into a bag and I was left there standing with this big box wondering what the hell I was going to do. I am sure people were looking at me with interest thinking the same thoughts. I had a brainwave! I sat Evan on the floor in Argos and I had to give him my mobile phone to stop him from crawling off. I put the bags from earlier in the shopping basket part of the pushchair and I managed to balance the highchair box on the seated portion of his pushchair leaning up towards the handlebar. I then picked Evan up and in one arm and pushed the pushchair along with the other hand. Just think if I'd had a pushchair with two handles, there would be no way I could have achieved that! It was a long and painful walk back to the car but Evan loves being in my arms looking around so he was as good as gold. The only issue I had was that my left arm is much weaker than my right and I can't hold Evan for too long in that arm. By the time I got back to the car _(thankfully I found a space on one of the ground floor parking areas for mum and baby)_, my arms were really hurting and I was absolutely knackered.. _Damn you Nanny, damn you! :)_
