This has been a strange week for me as it was my first week at home out of hospital. As I have been so incapacitated Emma has had to do everything with Evan and around the house - I can't even do nappy changes as leaning forward hurts too much. I missed Evan in hospital and he changed quite a lot in those two weeks but because I can barely interact with him even now I feel a bit disconnected. Aside from the physical pain, I have also felt drained of energy and haven't had the energy to pull silly faces at him. But I'm hoping that will all get better in the coming weeks.

The lack of sleep and stress from the whole hospital incident has also left me feeling highly strung and very emotional this week. I felt bored because there was nothing to do but frustrated because I didn't actually want to do anything! Emma suggested we go and pay my mum a surprise visit so we did! The long journey was quite a strain just a couple of days out of hospital but it was nice to see her.

Now that Evan is seven months old we've started him on 'Stage 2' weaning which introduces lots of new foods. One of the things we thought we'd try was spaghetti bolognaise! Big mistake! Emma didn't realise that she needed to mix it with pasta so all she brought down to Southend with us was just a tub of the bolognaise sauce and as it was made with a jar of sauce it was particularly rich. You should have seen his face when we tried it on him! He hated it! That was the first food he has really objected to - he has pretty much liked everything else we've tried. Next time I'll make my own Evan-friendly version of bolognese in a much blander way and we can serve just a little of the sauce with lots of pasta!
