We had one funny incident with Evan this week. We were out doing our weekly shop and the lady at the McDonalds inside Asda gave us this balloon tied onto a plastic stick for Evan to play with. I thought it would be ok under supervision so I let him play with it and he happily banged it around all over the place, giggling when he inadvertently bonked it against either my head or his own.  

The balloon was still in the house one evening when we arrived home and we were playing with it again in front of Evan. Caroline decided to show him how it deflated making a funny noise. I wasn't sure how Evan would react but he absolutely hated it, he cried every time we let the balloon deflate. I tried to hand him the balloon to feel the texture and this made him cry even more, pulling a scared face and jerking his body away from the balloon. When I did get the balloon to touch his skin, he just cried even more and he was inconsolable. I couldn't seem to calm him down until we had blown the balloon back up and placed it back on the plastic stick. As soon as it was back to how it was Evan stopped crying and started to play with it again. It was a totally bizarre reaction that I was not expecting. I guess Evan doesn't like deflated balloons, especially the act of deflating it. He has always been a bit scared of strange noises.  

He did attempt to eat the balloon when it was on the stick and I had to stop him because I certainly didn't want him to burst the balloon like that.  

The first of Evan's presents arrived this week in the post for Christmas and his birthday. I am glad I opened the packages straight away to check because I'd been sent the wrong item. I was expecting a Toddler Wobble Ride On, but instead we received some baby soft mat with play gym! Evan was really interested in the box of Duplo Lego that we've bought and he actually managed to get the lid off and started playing with them. I then had to wait until he was asleep before hiding them because I dare not take a toy from Evan that he is playing with because it really upsets him.
