The things we do to placate our babies... One morning in the week Emma had had a rough night and was really tired so I took Evan in the front carrier so she could get some undisturbed sleep. We were milling around the house quite happily and I got peckish so I went to get myself some cereal and went back upstairs to do some stuff at the computer. Evan had other ideas :/ He started to cry so I stood up and jigged him a bit. It still didn't work so I turned on Avril Lavigne and jigged a bit more. In the meantime my cereal was getting soggy and I hate soggy cereal so I picked it up and attempted to eat it whilst still jigging!  

As if that was not enough, Cleo *(the cat for those who don't know)* decided that she wanted a bit of my cereal too. She jumped on the desk and started trying to climb up me. So there I was jigging up and down to Avril Lavigne with a baby bouncing around on my chest, a bowl of soggy cereal in one hand and a cat's head in the other! I'm glad the blinds were closed that morning! I also managed to bonk Evan on the head a couple of times with the cereal bowl, but don't tell Emma :-D And after all that my cereal was so soggy that I gave it to Cleo anyway.  

I had another go at bottle feeding this week. He didn't like the formula that we tried last week *(SMA Gold)* so Emma expressed some milk. She got the hang of it this time and managed to express about 5 ounces. The really cute thing was that he seemed to hold the bottle in his hands! He hasn't actually showed any signs of grasping at things with open hands yet but he held his fists up to the sides of the bottle and held it there throughout the feed.  

It was a week for grannies this week. Emma's gran came to visit and at the weekend we went to visit my mum who lives about 70 miles away. It was the first time my mum had seen him since a few days after the birth so she noticed how much he'd grown and changed! He had lots of smiles for her which was nice.
