We had an exciting time this week when we took Evan swimming for the very first time! The local sports centre has a baby pool so we took him there. Emma was very anxious about the whole thing and she held him tightly and just sat in the corner of the pool. At first Evan seemed quite oblivious to the water. He just sat there in her arms chewing his fist and looking around as usual. We were quite surprised because of his antics in the bath.

So with a little persuasion I was able to convince Emma to let me move around with him a bit more. At first we tried him on his back and supported his underside but this didn't work because he curled his legs up which made his bottom sink into the water. So then we tried him on his front. This was trickier as we had to support his chest and try to stop his face going in the water. This position worked much better and he naturally started to kick his legs about and flap his arms around.

After a few minutes of this he really started to get into it. Emma picked him up into a sitting position on her knee and he started to splash us both wildly with his arms laughing and giggling :) Our session came to a rather abrupt end after 20 minutes or so when he managed to face-butt the water and get it all up his nose which made him cry :( It was a lot of fun though and we're going to make it a regular event.

This weekend just gone we went to Southend to visit my mum who we haven't seen since before my Exams which I think was about two months ago. She was astounded at how heavy he had become and almost dropped him when she took him for a cuddle! He always seems to love having visitors and seeing new people. My brother came round who Evan hadn't seen since he was very little. My brother isn't exactly a baby person and despite his best efforts to shoot Evan stern faces Evan still managed to giggle at him.

Later in the evening we went around to too see my best friend Mel. I thought I already had a photo of her on the site but we couldn't find it when we looked through so I've uploaded one this time! Vicky, a friend of both Mel and I who lives near Mel came around to visit too which was lovely as we hadn't seen her in about three years. She has 3 young children of her own and she's great with kids and boy did it show! She was wonderful with Evan and made him giggle lots. Later on in the evening he was getting tired and she managed to rock him to sleep on her shoulder and he stayed asleep in her arms for about half an hour!

I love going round to see my friends and wished we lived nearer so we could see them more often. Maybe next time we'll manage to get a photo of Uncle James :) We luv you! _floppy wave_ :D
