I was playing with Evan this week after his evening bath and he escaped my grasp as I was drying him. I just let him sit a few feet away bouncing happily on his feet as he knelt down. I was playing with his little bath cups and I started gently tossing them into the air so that they fell all over the floor and he was beside himself, in extreme giggles. I started to laugh because he was. He was laughing so much I could see his eyes watering. I carried on playing with the cups when suddenly I smelt it. No way could a baby fart smell that bad, however silent and deadly it was. Sure enough I peered behind Evan's naked body only to see a massive poo. _"Oh nooooo...."_ I gasped trying not to laugh but also desperately hoping that Caroline wouldn't see us. I'd already been told off before for letting Evan go around naked for too long. Luckily the way Evan was positioned, balanced on his legs as he knelt, the poo escaped his clean body _(apart from the bottom of course)_. It looked decidedly like a slugs trail because he must have poo'd as he bounced along in a fit of giggles.. Now I've heard of laughing so much that you wet yourself but—poo—really??

Evan is obsessed with stacking blocks, cups and placing things inside each other. His favourite thing to play with at change time has always been the tub of sudocrem. The tub is nearly empty and this week Evan managed to get hold of it whilst I was draining his bath. He poked his fingers in all the white stuff and then touched everything. By the time I got to him to reclaim it, he had also managed to place one of his bath cups inside for safe keeping, now sporting a new white coat!
