My little boy is growing so much, he has outgrown most of his baby clothes and me being a naughty mummy have spent all of his toys and clothes monthly allowance for the next 2 months already and it wasn't on the clothes we needed! He is looking so much older and definitely doesn't look like a new born anymore. He weighed 11lb 12oz this week which is a great weight so even though at times I feel like my boobs are drained and not satisfying him, he is certainly gaining the weight that he needs.  

This week Evan had a visit from his other great grandmother who lives up North. She was surprised at how much of a little wriggle pot Evan is. He is a really active baby and I actually think he gets frustrated because he can't move much. His favourite position is being held upright and even then you need good reflexes and hand movements because he can move his heavy head really quickly but with little stability.  

My time at home caring for Evan is flying by and I am enjoying it immensely. It can be a strain and very tiring at times but on the other hand it truly is rewarding when I see him all day long developing. I have changed emotionally whilst being at home with Evan and over the last week or so I have started having doubts about returning to work. When I think about leaving Evan to go to work and worse, having to send him to an expensive nursery, it fills me with sadness. I am his mum and I want to be his care person, I want to be there when he takes those first steps and speaks his first words, not some stranger. With Caroline being at University full time I had planned to return to work after 6 months. At that time though I wasn't aware of the changes that Evan would bring out in me and now I have presented myself with the biggest and most important challenge I have faced to date - How I could become a stay-at-home super mum!  

A special moment I had with Evan this week was in front of the mirror. For several days I have been putting him in front of the mirror to see if he recognises himself. This week I held him in my arms and he did indeed smile at himself, it was lovely and epitomized my reasons for wanting to be at home with Evan on a permanent basis.
