Ooh we had a bit of a 'mare this week - the first time I caused an injury to Evan! There were tears... baby tears, Emma tears and there were screams! How did this happen? Well it all started with some baby fingernails and a pair of clippers :/ I'm sure you can guess the rest!  

Due to the little *"jazz hands"* thing he tends to do when he's feeding *(see the piccy in week 6)* it's usually quite easy to trim his nails as he's fairly relaxed and sleepy when he's been feeding for a while and he splays his fingers for me. But this time I'm not sure how I managed it but I snipped the end of his thumb off! Ouchie!!!  

You should have heard the screech! Emma panicked of course but upon examination it turned out to be fairly minor and he soon calmed down.  

As if the finger-sniping trauma was not enough for one week I managed to traumatize the poor boy even more! One night Evan was on the change mat in the bedroom and I was just about to go off to bed. I just went into the room, leant over the mat and said *"Hello!"* to him. Pretty harmless you'd think huh? But nooooo, not for our jumpy little boy - it made him jump and once again he screamed his little heart out. Emma came running in the room shouting *"what have you done to him??"* I picked him up immediately to try to settle him but he screamed like I'd just snipped off more fingers. This was one of those occasions where I just passed him to Emma with a *"your baby"* and let her do the hard stuff! Now, I take care to let him see my face before talking to him!
