I'm not exactly sure if week two was better or worse than the first week. It was nice that the visiting died down a bit and we were able to get used to a new life of three, but it was also hard dealing with Evans ever-increasing crying.

It doesn't matter how many books you read, or what advice people give you, every baby is different. I kept reading how babies need to be calmed when they are crying by gentle rocking and speaking softly buy none of that worked with Evan. Quite the opposite in fact. I found that he seemed to like quite vigorous movement and the more he cried the more I'd have to bounce him around to stop him crying! One of the things we bought to help Emma with the labour was one of those exercise balls. Pacing around the room trying to bounce Evan around vigorously was very tiring so I tried just sitting on the ball and bouncing while holding him. To my amazement, it worked so that became my new baby-settling routine!

Before we knew the sex of the baby I wanted a girl because I didn't really want to have to deal with _"boys bits"_ :-) Now that he's here I wouldn't change him for the world of course but his little bits certainly do have a life of their own at changing time! I'm not sure how many times he's peed on me, or himself, or the carpet but I had the delights of being poo'd on this weekend! My best friend had come to stay and we were happily chatting away while I was changing Evan and suddenly his bottom just erupted and he squirted bright yellow poo all over my hand! Lovely :-)
