Emma and Evan were taken up to the postnatal ward at about 7am and we were all thoroughly exhausted. Her mum and I waited until they were both settled and then went home for some well-earned sleep! The drive home was weird. It was about -3 outside and the car was frozen solid. To me it was the end of a very long night but in reality the day was just starting. As I started to drive the emotion of it all really hit me and I had tears streaming down my face all the way home. I slumped into bed and managed to get about 3 hours sleep...

Going back into hospital that afternoon was equally weird as it felt like the next day. I was so tired that I almost crashed on one of the roundabouts on the way in! I remember thinking to myself that the next time I would see Evan he'd be about twice the age he was when I last saw him! Of course, that's only a few hours but I was worried that he'd have changed completely and I wouldn't recognise him.

The midwife had phoned me at home just before I left the house saying that Emma had been asking for me so I envisaged walking in to a bedraggled girlfriend and a screaming baby! I was pleasantly surprised to see Emma sitting up in bed with Evan fast asleep and sprawled out before her on the bed. I just had to take a photo and it's one of my favourites of the early ones.

Shortly after getting to the hospital I was faced with my first dirty nappy. You know, I had actually completely forgotten that babies needed nappy changing _(doh!)_ It was pretty mucky _(and I took a photo of it too!)_ but I didn't mind at all, it was actually kinda cute! I felt a bit intimidated though having to change my first nappy in front of the midwife and I also felt very awkward handling him.

The next few hours I remember spending ages just looking at Evan, trying to _"learn"_ his face. By the following day I had also started to learn his voice and if I was out in the corridor I was able to distinguish his cries from that of the other babies.

I was really worried about coming home with Evan because we have three cats and we were quite apprehensive about their behaviour towards him. We anticipated that Treacle would be so scared of this noisy thing that she'd spend 6 months hiding under the bed, Poppy would probably hiss at him lots and Cleo, once she figured that he wasn't edible, would just lose interest. We were right about Cleo but Poppy is quite the opposite. She loves to be around him and when he cries she perks up, walks right over to him and gives him a good sniff. She also guards the door when he's in the bedroom on his own and meows to go in there, little cutie. Treacle is being remarkably brave _(she's an incredibly scatty cat!)_ and she's quite a sight to watch as she tip-paws up to him, has a tentative sniff and then jumps out of her fur and bolts at the slightest sniffle! Anyway there's no hissing so we're pleased.

All the visitors we had in the first week were rather disconcerting. They were mostly Emma's relatives and seeing as Evan isn't biologically related to me I can't help but feeling like a bit of an outsider. I'm hoping that feeling will pass with time. For now I've just been playing host, making everybody cups of tea and letting them pass him around like a new toy.

Our first trip outside of the house was a bit of an adventure! We figured we'd go to Mothercare as that's a nice _"safe"_ environment to take a baby and if he cried it wouldn't be as embarrassing as it would be in the local supermarket. Well, that was the theory anyway. After struggling with the pushchair for ages we finally made it into the shop. Emma had to go off and get measured for a nursing bra so I was left with Evan hanging out in the underwear section! My worst fears were realised when he started to cry, then howl, and finally scream! I picked him up rather awkwardly and tried my best to hide behind the huge disposable knickers! It seemed like an age before Emma came back and I just handed him straight back to her - _"your baby!"_. Naughty I know :-)
