At last I'm starting to notice some real changes in Evan's behaviour now. In the beginning he was extremely insecure, we often had no clue why he would be crying and have a very hard time settling him. He was not very responsive at all. I have a couple of books about baby development and I read a little each week. Of course every baby is different but it was a little frustrating when he didn't seem to be exhibiting any of the behaviours I was reading about.

But this past week we've had more success. We have a few brightly coloured toys and he'll now follow them with his eyes. We have a play gym which has a mirror on it and this week he started to take an interest in it. I don't think he knows who is there looking back at him but he'll focus on the mirror for quite a while now.

He definitely spends more hours awake now. In the beginning he mostly slept but now he'll be awake for several hours during the day. The challenge is to keep him happy in those waking hours! His mood varies a lot and there's no real way to tell how he's going to react. Sometimes he'll amuse himself for quite a while, gurgling away but other times he'll start to scream the moment we put him down.

He's now getting used to change time and bath time. Sometimes it seems like he actually likes being changed! Bath time is one of my favourite times, his little nekkid body is so cute! Another nice moment I had this week was being able to massage him properly for the first time. I have a book on baby massage and I've been trying to get him interested in it pretty much since birth but without success. But earlier this week I was changing him and he did a little wee _(luckily I was able to mop it up quickly)_ so I figured that it was safe to leave his nappy off. He was quite happy and relaxed and I was able to massage him properly which was really nice. He felt so warm and soft afterwards. There's nothing quite like a baby's soft skin...
