This was a weird week and one I found hard to cope with. Not having Caroline around was horrible and Evan and I missed her dearly. My family and friends were brilliant this week helping with Evan so that I could sit vigil beside Caroline's bed in hospital. She was moved into intensive care this week and it meant that no children were allowed at all, so I couldn't even take Evan in with me if I was stuck for a baby sitter. I felt terrible leaving Evan for hours on end but I needed to be with Caroline for when she woke up. I would give Evan the biggest kisses and cuddles before leaving him and also upon my return.

My mum was absolutely great, she made the long trip everyday that I needed her and she also slept on my sofa when I didn't want to be home alone. I think Evan enjoyed all the attention from all the different people and it didn't interrupt his routine much. I'd return home after midnight to find my baby boy fast asleep in his cot. I even had Caroline's mum staying with me for a week so that she could visit Caroline everyday and I think she also enjoyed being able to spend so much time with Evan watching him. I am not sure how I would have coped if it were not for my family and friends.

This week has helped me realise what it will be like when Evan goes to nursery, we will be separated from each other for several hours everyday. It was horrible but something that just has to be done. I missed out on a lot of new developments this week but he wasn't shy in showing me second time around when I was there to see them.

Evan has started to do a bum shuffle to move himself forwards, but usually ends up falling onto his tummy. He also likes head butting the floor, which usually results in a hearty cry and sore nose if there is no pillow there to protect him.

Evan also decided to save all his mega poo's for his grandma as a special treat just for her! The funniest just had to be when she wiped him clean, only to get the nappy and find that he was covered in poo again. She did this three times before realising that it went right up his back, neck, hair and even under his arm pits - yukky! Those clothes had to be soaked before washing!

Evan has mastered sticking his tongue out and he then clamps his gums down on his tongue making this little cheeky cute face. I think Evan will be crawling soon, he has started sleeping on his knees with his bum in the air and when lying on his tummy he will move his feet towards his tummy pushing himself forwards. He just needs to perform this movement when he is pushing himself off the ground and then he'll be off.

I had to get a passport sized photo done for Evan this week and boy is that easier said than done. After speaking with the health visitor a few months ago about this, she said always take another person with you because one person is required to hold the baby up at the screen, whilst the other person presses the buttons. I let Caroline's mum go shopping whilst I did this, so I was alone at first. I imagine it's easier with a small baby than it is with an older baby who is more inquisitive. I just couldn't get him to look at the screen, he was more interested in the flashing buttons below. I was shouting for him to look at the screen and I even tried whacking his toy against the window to get his attention. You only get 3 attempts at a photo and the first batch were awful. I had to pay another £3.50 for a second attempt when Caroline's mum returned and she helped me get him to look up at the screen. I finally managed to get a non blurry picture but of course Evan is frowning :). It was so hot that day that I was really stressed out and hot after this mini nightmare.

Evan treated his grandmas to a new trick whilst I was visiting Caroline in hospital this week. He was lying on the sofa next to them holding his feet _(which he loves to do)_ He placed the soles of his feet together and started clapping his feet together. He then let go and continued to clap his feet together on his own. Very cute and he showed me this when I got home and his also showed Caroline the next day when I took him into visit her because after 6 days in intensive care she was finally back in a ward.

I brought out some new toys this week for Evan to play with because he showed interest in these kinds of toys whilst visiting his friend Alex earlier in the week. He has a telephone that makes noises when pressed and also some plastic rings that can be stacked on a spike, though he's probably a little too odd for the latter toy. He's more interested in eating the spike making himself gag!

Evan slept right through the night once this week and I am now offering him only water when he wakes in the night as I am hoping to stop breast feeding completely now. He is such a good little boy and even through this hard week where I was unable to give him all the attention he needed, he was very well behaved even when he missed out on important naps.

My mum spoilt Evan this week by buying him some lovely clothes and toys when she looked after him and she also bought the highchair and car seat replacement that I wanted. Thanks very much grandma, we loved seeing so much of you. My mum made me smile in a week when I couldn't think of happy thoughts when left to my own devices.

We were very pleased to have Caroline back home at the end of this week but it was also a very long 11 days and I am sure I have grey hairs now!
