Evan is sitting up much better now and he likes to reach out to toys nearby when he is sitting up. This is a good thing because I don't have to have top class reactions times for anticipating when he is going to fall. I tried filming him alone with the camcorder this week and that was a disaster because he wanted to eat it and he was being very playful. I didn't realise how far away I was from him and when he lost his balance sitting up, he started to fall backwards. I threw out my arm but ended up grasping thin air while Evan flopped onto his back - boy his head made a really disturbing thud! I felt really guilty but the good thing about being mummy is that a quick cuddle stops the crying instantly. Evan really likes to sit up and doesn't understand that he lacks the stability. I have to have him sitting up in the bath otherwise he lies there arching his back and fussing. He loves splashing his hands right into the water and grabbing his feet which is cute but he also has the tendency to do it with such force that it sends him toppling forward. Yes... Evan face-butted the water this week, luckily Caroline caught him before he went under but he did manage to get a face full of bubbles!  

Evan's friend Alex went to France last week to visit his family and bought us back a toy that every baby in France has. It's a rubber giraffe called Sophie and she squeaks when you squeeze her. He doesn't have any toys of that texture and he really does like it. He will just chew her and she is really easy to hold. He squeaks her easily whether by chewing or whacking her on nearby surfaces but I don't think he realises that it is him doing it. You can just about make her out in the pushchair picture below *(She is also in the week 25 picture)*.  

To help get Evan off to sleep better at night we are also trying to get up at a similar time each day. I didn't want to have an alarm clock set because the beeping may startle Evan so we had just relied on Caroline waking us up with a morning coffee...mmmm yum.... This doesn't really work out all the time because sometimes Caroline likes to have a lie in :). This week I started setting the alarm clock to come on at 7am but with the radio and not the buzzer. This seems to be doing the trick and it wakes Evan up before it does me. I usually get woken up with a rather disturbing kick from Evan! He'll just lie in bed gurgling away and usually playing with his toes until I decide that I am awake enough to get up.  

We introduced chocolate pudding, papaya, rusk, potato and swede this week. He really didn't like the swede, he was ill on the days we tried it but I decided that I'd rather feed him foods he really likes because there is enough of them rather than feed him foods that he would take purely because he was hungry. He vomited all the food up whilst he was ill so we had him on a bland diet until he was better of just plain porridge for breakfast and plain baby rice for lunch because he was even struggling to keep the milk down. I have had to increase the quantities this week because one day he ate all of his porridge and was still hungry so I followed that with mashed up rusk, which he ate enthusiastically.
