Monday of this week was the end of my Christmas holiday and time for me to go back to Uni. Emma wasn't looking forward to it at all but thankfully my timetable is fairly light and as long as I'm able to study at home I don't have to be there all that much. One thing that did worry me though was the sleep I was getting. At night times it was taking 1-2 hours to get Evan off to sleep then I found that I kept waking up with his little kicks and fidgets. Then of course he'd wake up screaming several times a night needing a feed and the time it would take to feed him, change him and get him settled again is easily an hour or more. Even though Emma actually did all the work I found that I just couldn't sleep whilst all that was going on.

I love Uni but I only enjoy it when I am alert enough to be able to concentrate. Plus some of my lecturers are dreadful and could send an insomniac-on-speed to sleep! A couple of days before going back I suggested to Emma that I would sleep downstairs on the futon. She wasn't too impressed but I think she knew deep down that I was going to do that. It's been a godsend! Even though I still wake up from Evan's crying because I'm in another part of the house I'm able to fall back to sleep again and as a result I've not been tired at all this week and my first week at Uni was fine. This was a huge relief because before he was born I had visions of falling asleep in all my lectures, not being able to concentrate, falling behind in my work etc so I'm really glad that it has worked out ok.

This week I've been experimenting with new tricks to settle Evan when he's grizzly. Last week I'd already established that he likes movement and I had started bouncing on our exercise ball but sometimes that's not enough. We also discovered that he likes music, and not soft lullaby music but rock or dance music that's on MTV! 4.30 in the morning there I am in the middle of the lounge, MTV blaring, dancing away with a little baby in my arms! Thankfully it seems to do the trick within about 2 songs and he'll be fast asleep in my arms.

This can get kinda tiring though so another thing we tried this week was to take him for a walk outside in the pram. The movement of it seems to settle him. The first time we tried this was around midnight one night when he'd been grizzling for hours and we no longer had the energy to dance. We wrapped him up nice and warm _(screaming)_, put him in his pram and almost as soon as we stepped outside he stopped crying. Even though it was pretty cold it was nice. Emma and I had a chance to chat and we got some fresh air. We walked around our local neighbourhood for around half an hour.

Unfortunately Evan's a clever boy and he seems to have some sixth sense when it comes to our attempts to put him down to sleep. Once we got back from our walk we gently brought the pram indoors, removed his blankets and left him in it for a while - at least, that was the plan. He lasted all of about 2 minutes before waking himself up and screaming all over again!
