I have started to notice these little patches of dry skin appearing on Evan's body. We managed to get rid of one that he has had for months on his shoulder by applying Sudocrem at every nappy change. However, this little persistent one on the head just refuses to go away so this week I decided to take him to the doctors to find out what it was as I didn't want it to be on all his baby photos! Our GP thinks Evan may have a mild form of baby eczema so she has given me a prescription for some Canesten cream - god that cream is used for everything these days! It's done the trick though as we've only been using it for a few days and the patches are not looking as big or as red as they were at the beginning of the week. Hopefully it's just a baby thing as I'd hate for him to have eczema through all his childhood.

Evan and I usually get ready at the same time in the morning as he is usually at his most contented when he first wakes up. I wash and dress Evan and then jump in the shower immediately afterwards. One morning this week was unusual to say the least. Evan had woken up several times in the night and he sounded a little clogged up in his nose. He didn't want any boob and he just gurgled away to himself playing with his teddy bears that were in bed with us. The gurgling didn't bother me too much as I can sleep through anything but the feet and arms whacking my midriff were an altogether different issue :). He sounded like he had a stuffy nose so I kept him in bed with me just so that I could keep an eye on him, I just had to shuffle to the edge of the bed so that I could avoid the flailing limbs. The following morning we were doing our usual routine, whilst I was dressing I could hear Evan chatting away to himself on the change mat in the bathroom when it suddenly went all quiet. I checked in on Evan and he was fast asleep, he looked so adorable that I just had to go and interrupt Caroline whilst she was studying so that she could see. He is the most adorable little baby in the world...
