We popped over to our next door neighbour this week to deliver our Christmas card and we decided to give her a bottle of wine as a thank you for all the help we have had from her. We decided to stay for a glass of wine to catch up and she was very fortunate to witness a first time event from Evan. He's certainly not shy in new places and was crawling and playing all over her lounge floor being a little cutie as usual.  

Evan stood up and suddenly started to walk around in a circle whilst we all clapped and encouraged him. He did this several times and it was an amazing experience for us all. He just needs a little more confidence on his feet allowing him to do more steps.  

This was Evan's final week at nursery so they had a Christmas party for the children with a magician and a present for everyone. They had a little disco for the older children, but even Evan managed to have a little boogie with the nursery staff holding him. They had already asked me a few days earlier if it would be ok for Evan to eat the party food being provided for their afternoon meal.  

I reluctantly agreed but I told them about all the issues I had experienced with Evan choking and when they mentioned the kinds of foods that he would be eating... Sausage rolls, pizza pieces, spring rolls, vegetable sticks etc.. it gave me nightmares.  

I was worried how he would cope with those kinds of foods as he had never experienced them before. He always struggles with toast and scrambled egg so I had no idea how he would cope with pizza and sausage rolls. I was teased by my mum and Caroline and my mum even joked that she wouldn't be surprised if I suddenly fell ill on Tuesday morning *(the day of the party)* and didn't take Evan into nursery—shame on them! Evan did go to the party and I did go to work that day! I was adamant that my fears would not deprive Evan of an experience, I just had to make sure that I wasn't there to witness it as my panicking would be unbearable. I'd made it clear that he could choke and that I was stressed about it and the nursery staff were really nice about it. I took along a spare meal just in case he didn't eat the food they provided. He does eat lumps, it's just I have had little success with this kind of food in the past and it has made me nervous.  

Evan did absolutely fine and he loved the food; he only choked the once. He was picking the food up and placing it in his mouth and the only thing he wasn't too fussed about was a raw carrot stick. He took one bite and then spat it out and threw the stick on the floor!  

Since then we have had successes on the food front with crumpets and pancakes, he loved the pancakes—obviously.
