Evan's highchair arrived this week and we started feeding him in that, safely strapped in and no chance of bouncing around and making himself sick :). He really liked it though and he loves it when the cats hang around at our feet thinking it's feeding time for them also.  

We had a projectile puking incident this week! I'd just finished giving Evan his bottle and he must have had some trapped air or something like that because the moment I sat him upright on my knee to be winded, he just brought up a couple of ounces of milk and he managed to splatter it quite far over the lounge carpet. Luckily we have the carpet cleaners coming next week so this incident coupled with Caroline throwing a full cup of black coffee across the floor made our beige carpet look a little worse for wear.  

Evan is quite a wriggle pot and this doesn't change when he is sleeping. Gone are the days when he'll remain in the same position all night long. This week we found him for the first time facing the opposite end of the cot - he'd managed to do wriggle around so much that he had done a 180 degree turn. It initially gave me a little scare when I saw his feet where his head should have been because I had visions of him with his head under the blanket! The blanket is the first thing to be kicked off so I had needn't worried.  

We successfully got Evan to sleep in his travel cot this week whilst we were visiting our friends in Stevenage. We had tired him out in the evening with all the play time. He grizzled at first when I put him down to sleep but then he'd done a poo in his nappy. I changed him and his cried again - yes he's done another poo! I think I must have interrupted him mid-poo the first time. After 2 dirty nappies Evan went to sleep with little problems. We had no problems transferring him to the car seat to go home and when we arrived home his remained asleep whilst I transferred him into his cot at home.  

Evan loves his new big boy toys, the best buy just has to be the stacking cups. They tower over him when built up and he knows exactly what will happen when he knocks them. He now closes his eyes in anticipation of the inevitable collapse of the tower. Sometimes I can't get it built fast enough and he'll knock it down whilst I am building it. I've resorted to building out of reach and then moving it closer to him. If I leave it out of his reach, he'll do his bum shuffle to get close to it! What a little cutey.
