Caroline returned to University this week and we have really enjoyed having her at home over the past 5 weeks so she was missed - even though she only had to go in for 2 days. I had to cancel a visit to see Evan's great grandmother in Birmingham again _(3rd time now)_ and I feel really bad as she hasn't seen him now since he was 6 weeks old.

The weather has been really nice this week and we were able to introduce Evan to grass - I think he really liked the feel of it on his bare feet. He does like it outside, especially when there is a light breeze as it feels nice across your face and makes the trees move around. We were out sitting on the grass and Poppy came over to flirt with us and Evan followed her with his eyes and actually reached out and touched her fur. She was extremely well behaved - I wonder what she'll be like when he's a little bit older and can run!

I was eager to weigh Evan this week and am happy to report that he is back to normal. It looks like he has put on a whole pound so I am not sure if maybe I messed up the weighing scales last week because 1 pound in a week at his age is a lot.

I decided this week to attempt to measure Evan's height. I used a technique that my friends use where you lie your baby on the floor with their feet touching the wall and then you measure the distance from the wall to his head. His height came out at roughly 64cm and going by the chart in his little red book he is just above normal for his age. His weight on the other hand is following the chart line that is above normal but he is still a lovely size :).
