We have found a formula milk that Evan will drink *(we hope it wasn't a one off)* and he quite easily drank 8oz. It's nice for Caroline to have some bonding time with Evan and it really is lovely watching him feed with those gorgeous little eyes looking up at you. I don't always have expressed breast milk at hand and sometimes I feel like my boobs have nothing in them so having formula available will be very handy. It's especially useful for when we go to visit friends because it can be terribly lonely having to go to another room to feed Evan and it can take a long time and not having any support for my back is bad so having formula available for those trips will be great. The one downside with mixing breastfeeding with formula feeding is that it confuses my milk production and I usually get really engorged the following day :(.  

We took Evan for his first trip into our local town this week and because it was bitterly cold we had to put him in his coat. This coat even though it is a 0-3 month size it actually swamps the poor little guy. It comes down to his ankles and he couldn't really move his arms. He did look cute in a funny kind of way :). We introduced him to our hairdresser who absolutely loves babies and they all said he looks like me. I can't really see it but he does pull the same expressions that I do!  

I have booked myself a place on a baby massage class that will be running for 4 weeks in March so look out for updates on how that goes. It is a free class run by my local health visitor and it will be another trip out of the house for us and a chance for me to bond even more with Evan.  

Evan is very clingy and I am still struggling to get him to sleep or even lie down on his own in the day time. I have had to leave him to cry several times this week because I can't do everything with him in my arms and he really gets distressed when I try to use the front carrier. This week I tried to use it and we became stuck! I had him screaming in my ears and I was getting a little stressed too, but after a few minutes I managed to get the harness unclipped. I am running out of ideas to try to get Evan to sleep without me being his permanent mattress so I plan to mention it at his 8 week check with the Doctor next week.  

On a final note, here's some Valentine's Day humour. Whilst Caroline was on the telephone ordering our Indian takeaway treat Evan decide to do a massive adult sounding fart. I don't know how he does it, but he always manages to let one go at these inopportune moments! Caroline was unable to contain herself and all three of us *(the guy on the telephone included)* laughed out loud but he must have thought it was her and not our little angel of 7+ weeks old.
