Watching your loved one go through the pain of labour when there is virtually nothing you can do to alleviate her pain is heart-wrenching. As the labour drags on and on sapping every ounce of her energy and Christmas Day fades into Boxing day it's hard to imagine that this little baby will ever actually be born...

The first signs of labour started early on the morning of Christmas Eve. Emma's waters appeared to break so she phoned the hospital and they advised her to come in due to risk of infection. The problem with this is that she had to go through all the first stage of labour in the discomfort of a hospital ward which is not what we wanted. The labour continued for what seemed like forever, including the whole of Christmas Day.

At around 7pm on Christmas Day Emma had a contraction that didn't feel right. _"Something just went pop!"_, she said! Her waters had already broken but this time there was a lot more. Unfortunately it was green coloured which indicated that Evan had poo'd inside of the womb. The first poo consists of something called meconium which is green. This can be dangerous for the baby if he ingested it so Emma was taken down to the labour ward to be induced. Even though we were a little worried about this meconium it was reassuring to know that this labour was really going to get underway!

The contractions got stronger, closer together and more painful but there was still no real progress - no dilation, despite the induction. Christmas Day passed and still nothing. Shortly after midnight the midwife examined Emma again and found her to be dilated to a fingertip :/ She went off for her break at about 1am and said she'd re-examine Emma again upon her return and if there was still no progress she'd discuss our options with the Doctor. I heard them mention the C word _(caesarean)_ which we were rather afraid of.

However, when examined again shortly before 3am we were all amazed to hear the words _"Hello Baby!"_. Emma was fully dilated and the head was moving down. Great news, at last! No C-Section necessary. We waited a little while longer firstly to allow the baby to travel down further on his own to reduce the need for so much pushing and secondly to allow the effects of the epidural to wear off a little more so that Emma would be able to feel the sensations of the contractions so she'd know when to push.

The pushing started at 3.45 and the midwife and I both stood on one side of Emma as supports for her legs to give her a bit of help! By 4.05am Evan was born but those 20 minutes were the most emotional of my life. I had so many different emotions running through my head at a time that I found it hard to cope. Watching Emma going through all that pain was unbearable and as Evan's head began to emerge I felt an incredible sense of fear that something was wrong as he was such a strange colour. _(No amount of birthing TV shows and photos in magazines helped with the shock of the real thing!)_ The fear was made worse when the midwife shouted that his cord was around his neck! Thankfully it took them just a moment to snip off the cord and he was out in one more push but it was still incredibly frightening, exciting, and overwhelming all at the same time.

It's an experience I will never forget and with this diary I hope that I'll never forget any of the experiences that are to come as Evan develops and grows up...
