This week Evan had another trip to the injection nurse! I wasn't looking forward to this because I still had images of what happened last time. Caroline came with us this time to make sure we were both ok :). He had to sit on my lap instead of lying on the bed and it was probably for the best because I didn't see his face when he cried so it didn't make me cry. I had to hold his leg down for the nurse, which wasn't what I really wanted to do, I just wanted to be able to comfort him. Caroline let him hold her finger and boy did he squeeze it tight! It wasn't too traumatic this time and a quick cuddle from mummy seemed to do the trick afterwards. We were more prepared this time and were able to give him some Calpol as soon as we arrived home - my poor little warrior *(Apparently the name Evan means warrior, heh).*  

Evan has a new trick, he can now arch his back and push himself up using his legs. He does this to move around at change time, which can make changing his nappy a struggle. The strength in his legs is developing much faster than his arms so now at tummy time he pushes his bum in the air and if we give him support under his feet he will push himself forward. He is showing signs of frustration now because he wants to move around, he's definitely going to be an active little boy!  

The weather has been lovely this week and we are trying to give Evan lots of time out in the fresh air. The sun has been so bright that Evan has to wear a cap, he hates having to wear them but he looks so adorable in it.  

We had our first day trip that was not visiting friends and family this week. We went to an exhibition in London and I can safely say that trips out will never be the same again. You have to prepare so much stuff and I was a naughty mummy because I left expressing milk until the last day and ended up only getting 3 ounces! We took some formula as well and I still ended up have to get my boob out, that boy just eats so much :). One thing I noticed about travelling with Evan was that we had arrived at the exhibition but it then took us another hour and a half until we actually entered. We needed to feed and change Evan and then feed ourselves and of course Caroline needed to visit the toilet several times as well :). All in all it was a great day and I can't wait until our next little adventure.
