We're starting to be able to see some developmental changes in Evan's behaviour now. He's been sucking at his fist for a week or two already but sometimes he manages to be a little more dextrous and actually put his fingers in his mouth and suck those. He hasn't quite found his thumb yet though!  

He's also talking *(making word like noises)* a lot more now. He started saying *"gurrr"* a lot a couple of weeks back but now he has a new gurgle where he really sounds like he's trying to laugh and he tends to do this in direct response to us. We'll quite often have fairly extended play time where we just play with him and talk to him. For some reason his favourite place for play time still seems to be his change mat!  

One of the nice changes that we're seeing is that he's finally starting to show some signs of independence. For the first weeks of his life he was so clingy that we just couldn't put him down for a moment. Gradually this is getting better and now we can usually put him somewhere like the bouncer or pushchair for half an hour or so and he'll amuse himself. Sometimes I wonder if all babies are clingy like Evan or if they all have different personalities.  

We're also realising just how big he is now. He weighed in at 12lbs 12 this week and we've had to relegate another bunch of clothes. The other night I put him in a sleep suit and it seemed to fit until I tried to do up the poppers that go over his nappy and I just couldn't do them up! We didn't have any more clean ones so we just had to leave it undone - it looked like he had a little tail! Poor thing :/
