This week I introduced Evan to his cardboard books. He hasn't figured out how to hold them or eat them but he does like to look at the pictures. He woke me up at 6am one day this week and showed no signs of wanting to go back to sleep so we made a coffee for mummy and I plonked him in between my legs so that he was able to sit up. My legs were supporting him on both sides and from that position we sat and read all about racing cars and also about Little Bear's adventures. I've read that babies do like to have the same stories read to them at this age because they like rhymes and repetition.  

His vision is remarkably wide now and I've noticed him looking up on the shelves spotting Caroline's toys in the study when I carry him around. I've also noticed that going for a walk in the push chair isn't great anymore for sending him to sleep. Instead he spends the whole trip looking around in wonderment at the outside world and its surroundings.  

We went to see Caroline's mum again this weekend and Evan loved all the attention from all but one person. He chatted away and giggled at all the funny faces that people pulled. The one person he didn't take a fancy too was a real heavy smoker and as soon as she picked him up he screamed the house down. I wasn't aware of why until we got up close to her and wow the smell was strong. His nanny took him from the lady and he immediately stopped. She was shocked as apparently babies don't cry around her—they must be used to the smoking environment!   

We moved Evan into the bath this week as his feet had started poking over the sink edge! We have this towelling bath support that allows us to be hands free and Evan seems to like the extra space. He's not interested in his ducks yet but startles himself at first when he splashes water over himself every time he kicks but it soon turns into a giggle when we laugh about it. Getting in with him is not so fun because it's mightily cold having a bath in two inches of water!
