This is my penultimate week at home with Evan so I decided to get Evan weighed as I don't know when I'll next be able to do it. He is definitely big enough for his new car seat now as he weighed in at 20lb 4oz, which is a few grams over the 9 kilo requirement.

We took Evan swimming again this week and at first we thought it would be a nightmare as the water was much colder than it had been on previous visits and Evan's teeth started to chatter at first. He was ever so excitable though and he got some good swimming actions going with his feet pumping really fast and arms flapping out to the sides. I still think he would go under if I had let go of his tummy though, but still it was such a cute sight to see and I wish I had had a water proof camera handy. He loved chasing Caroline around the baby pool and splashing her when he finally caught up with her. I hope we still find the time to take Evan swimming at the weekends when I return to work as it is lovely to see him playing and enjoying himself in the water.

We went to Bath this week to visit Evan's friend Megan, we wanted to get a trip in before I returned to work. We travelled down with Alex and his mum Nathalie who was kind enough to offer to drive. It was lovely to have all the children together for one last play session and it's amazing how far they have all come. It only seems a little while ago that they were all tiny little newborns—well in Evan's case maybe a chunky little newborn. I forgot my camera, so unfortunately I don't have any pictures of this one, though Evan did seem to enjoy Megan's ball pit. Not sure we'd have enough room for one of those in the house and it did look great fun as I wanted to jump in with them.

All week it has looked like Evan was getting closer and closer to crawling and finally on Saturday morning before I headed off for a visit to Grandma's Evan chose to show Caroline and I his first proper, slightly stumbled, crawling steps. It is just the cutest thing to see, his little arms just stomping around in a movement that reminds me of the cats when they are walking through long grass. They kind of dip their legs in one at a time in a stomping movement and that's exactly what Evan's crawling looks like*—absolutely adorable.*
