I think Evan has lost that natural swimming reflex that he had when he was younger and we unfortunately haven't been able to take him swimming as much as we had liked over the summer period. When we first took him swimming a few months ago, if you went into the water with him lying on your hand belly down, he would flap his arms and legs in this swimming reflex. He doesn't do this anymore when we take him. He was a little subdued this week in the swimming pool and just wanted to cuddle me and grab the lane dividers. He does however love the swimming pool showers, it sprays him and makes him giggle as he attempts to grab the water spraying down. Since we discovered how much he likes the shower, I sometimes take him in the shower with me when we are at home because it keeps him amused whilst I wash him.

I enjoyed a funny moment this week, I'd just been tidying up the kitchen ready to settle down to watch a movie when I decided to check up on Evan. We tend not to cover him up with the blanket when we first put him down because he just ends up kicking it off straight away. Whilst checking on him, I tucked him in and gave him my usual kiss on the head. I returned downstairs and Caroline popped out into the kitchen for a few minutes. She then returned saying _"You'll never guess what! He has managed to wriggle under the blanket and also cover his arms."_ I laughed and then informed her that I had just been up to check on him and tuck him in just a few minutes earlier.

We went to visit Caroline's mum this weekend and this was the first time that we were actually going to stay the night, to the delight of her mum. Evan did really well except it was difficult at times with it being a mobile home and the lounge being next door to his bedroom and having to have the TV up fairly loud for Caroline's mum who is going a little deaf. I was assisting Caroline with a nappy change in the little room that Evan was staying in when she threw the nappy to me in a way that actually launched the pooey contents instead! I am not sure how I managed to catch the nappy and still have the contents safely tucked up inside - now that would have been an awkward conversation to explain to her mum!

Of all the days to have my periods finally return, they choose the weekend away! It took me by surprise and at first I thought I had wet myself, but no it was my first period for 17 months! Luckily we had some tampons with us in the travel bag as I was worried I'd have to send Caroline to the nearest all night petrol station or worse use some ancient tampons that Caroline's mum may have had in the bathroom cabinet from when Caroline last lived at home.
