Have you ever noticed how much conflicting advice is banded around about babies? And the more you read and the more people you talk to the more confusion there is. Evan is almost 2 months old now and he still can't get himself to sleep. 9 times out of 10 the only way we'll get him asleep is to let him fall asleep after a feed, on our chests, or in our arms to music. If he's fast asleep then we can put him down to bed and sometimes he'll stay asleep for a while - but usually he wakes within a few minutes. What we can't seem to do is to put him down when he's sleepy but still awake. He won't fall asleep. Instead he'll just cry and the crying will soon escalate into a full on scream.

Half of the advice says that he's learned that if he cries that someone will come and pick him up and the only way to encourage him to "unlearn" this fact is to be harsh and let him cry to break that association. The other half of the advice says that you should never leave a baby to cry and the more he is held when he cries the more secure he will become as he grows older. Both of us are of the opinion that it isn't good to let him cry but it can be very tiring for Emma having to hold him all the time. So we're really hoping that he'll grow out of it soon! I have visions of Emma having this 10-year old asleep on her chest! :-)

One of the things that I've been doing with Evan since he was about 4 weeks old is giving him "tummy time" on a daily basis. Babies traditionally spend most of their time lying on their backs but of course they need to be on their front if they are ever to crawl. Tummy time has many benefits for a new baby. This is an excerpt from the book _"Baby Massage by Peter Walker"_

_**Regular waking time spent belly down ensures the structural health and fitness of his body in a way no other natural position can achieve. When your baby lies on his belly, he lifts his head to look around him - strengthening the supporting muscles in his neck. Once he has comfortably reached this stage, he will then lift his head and shoulders, developing strength in his arms and shoulders and flexibility in his spine.**_

_**Having achieved this, he will then raise his head and shoulders even further. This stretches open your baby's chest so that he achieves a deeper breathing rhythm and maximises his lung capacity. And as his chest stretches open, so too does his abdominal cavity - aiding digestion.**_

So far Evan can lift his head and look around and sometimes he'll lift his shoulders up and prop himself up a bit. A couple of days ago he learned a new trick - he managed to roll over onto his back again!
