Evan saw his grandma several times this week because I really wanted to make use of my free time whilst I am off on maternity leave. I am probably going to have to return to work at the end of the year after all so I have to make sure I enjoy my time with Evan whilst we have it.

It felt like Evan's and my birthday all in one this week. I had plans to buy him a new stroller type buggy now that we are approaching summer as I really wanted to get a pushchair that could be front facing with Evan sitting up so that he can get to see more of the environment instead of just me :). I took my mum shopping to get a second opinion on the pushchair that I was interested in and we didn't go with that one in the end. In the end we went for this rather funky little number—_'Carrera C' by Jane_. I liked the green and yellow style but that was out of stock so we went with the blue in the end, which is my favourite colour and knowing me I may have regretted buying the bold colour if the green and yellow had been in stock so I am glad we went with blue in the end. My mum bought the pushchair for us as a present so we are very grateful for that - thanks Grandma! xxx

My mum also gave Evan a selection of new clothes and they are fab! Evan is now a little designer baby with his Levi and Timberland t-shirts and his DKNY jeans! He has better clothes than me now... We've just had a heat wave this week so I have to wait until the weather cools down before he gets to wear the jeans. He has these little cute sleeveless t-shirts now as well and they look adorable on him.

I am really glad that Evan was not a newborn in the summer time. We've only had two extremely hot days and I am struggling to keep him cool. I don't think he really knows what's going on either, he just likes to lounge about. He still likes his cuddles, but we are generating so much heat together that we just had to jump in the bath together to cool down. We took Evan for our first outdoor family outing this weekend, we went to Burnham Beeches. It's only a few miles away from us and this is the first time I have ever been there! It was a scorcher that day and it was nice to actually walk under the trees for a bit as it was unbearable in the direct sunlight. Evan's new pushchair did well on the rough terrain and Evan enjoyed himself in there too. When he is older we plan to take him on little picnics but hopefully on cooler days as we only managed 2 hours out and we all just wanted to sleep in a refrigerator when we returned home.

We introduced butternut squash, parsnip and apple this week. Apple was a success straight away and Evan loves this mixed with porridge as a breakfast or as just a dessert. He appeared to like parsnip at first but I can't get him to eat it anymore. I think it's because we are running out of food and I wasn't able to mix it in with something else so all he had was parsnip on its own, which is quite strong. I'll try him on it again in a week or so. He likes butternut squash and that's been his lunch for a few days this week until we go shopping for more supplies and start another batch of cooking.
