The weaning continues... we've introduced two new foods this week—carrot and banana. No, not at the same time! We tried the banana first and that probably wasn't the best option as it was really difficult to mash properly! It got all lumpy and kinda slimy and this proved quite a problem. Every time we gave him a mouthful that was a bit too lumpy he'd pull thus funny face, make a kind of gagging noise and poke his tongue out. Highly amusing I thought.

We thought the banana was tricky; nothing compared to our carrot troubles! You'd think mashing a cooked carrot would be pretty easy? Well yes under normal circumstances it would but not so when Emma is doing the cooking! Baby food has to be soft, not crunchy, not even al-dente! Not only was the carrot undercooked but because she only cooked one carrot and we went from bowl-with-fork to food processor number 1, to hand blender, to food processor number 2 and back again this meant that we ended up with a walnut-sized lump! To be fair she did much better the next day when she cooked up another big batch of them which we were able to puree properly.

Evan made a funny face when we first gave him the carrot but he's eaten everything we've given him so he must like it. One of the other funny things about weaning is that the poo has changed! Picture the usual runny greenish poo, now add a little slimy banana, the obligatory lumps of carrot and you've just about got it! YUM!

I'm getting Evan trained early on the computer. I had him on my lap the other day and he just start whacking on the keyboard, he looked so cute. So we thought it would be funny to load up Word and see what he came up with. He didn't write much but you can tell it was from the heart... [here's his first letter to Mummy](/content/Evans_first_letter.doc). His second attempt showed his skills, he managed to bold everything, put page breaks in and even managed to insert a hyperlink! You can read [Evan's second letter here!](/content/Evans_second_letter.doc)
