My little boy is growing ever so quickly, we went to see his grandma this week as it's been 5 weeks since our last visit and she couldn't believe how much he had changed. He has pretty much out grown most of his clothes so we're washing daily just to make sure he has something to wear. His clothes and toys allowance will definitely be spent on the former this month!  

I took Evan to see my work colleagues for the first time this week. He was on his best behaviour, he played, smiled, let people hold him and then fell asleep on my shoulder. They all fell in love with him, and why wouldn't they? He is the most adorable little boy in the world! To be honest, Evan is really good all the time and now that he is older and more secure *(maybe all the cuddling did work)* he is actually enjoying playing on his own. He will lay beside me and gurgle to himself and he loves playing with *"Billy Banana"* in his push chair.  

Evan's hair is growing longer and he now has this cute bit that sticks up on top, he naturally has the *"sticky uppy"* look that I try to get everyday but fail at so I am jealous :).  

I have started telling more people about my plans to stay at home so that I'll have a bigger incentive to make it work, as if Evan isn't a big enough one already! We're having so much fun and Evan is starting to get into a routine, which is good for him and it makes our life easier. He tells me when it's bed time so no more late night football for me anymore! Our feeds also happen at roughly the same time everyday it's just a shame that one of them clashes with our dinner time.  

A memorable moment this week was watching Evan looking for boob on my mum and brother when we went to visit them - he ended up sucking their noses! No pictures of that unfortunately but it was rather amusing. Usually he settles for his fist or fingers as he is now very good at moving his hand to mouth.
