Over the last few weeks Evan has started to chew things more. He started off mainly chewing his fist _(which he still does - a lot!)_ but now he's started chewing everything else too - his toys, his clothes, and his muslin! He's taken quite a liking to his muslin and he buries his face in it and giggles! We discovered this week that it will actually keep him amused for quite a while!

Another discovery we made this week is that Evan has started showing an interest in the TV. Is that normal for young babies?? In the evenings we usually change him down on the floor in front of the TV and we use that time to play with him, do a massage, give him tummy time etc. But this week I started to notice that he wasn't so interested in playing and that he kept looking away. I didn't notice anything odd about it at first because he has a weird tendency to look far over to the right anyway but then I realised that he actually had his eyes transfixed on the telly!

He's been doing it quite a lot and at the weekend we were at a friends house and I was playing with him on a mat near the TV and he kept wiggling around and turning himself to face the TV. So eventually I moved the mat to the position he was facing and he stopped wiggling! It's nice that we've found a couple of things to amuse him so that he doesn't need 100% attention but I hope he doesn't spend his whole life in front of the TV as he gets older.

One quite cute thing about him watching the TV now though it that now that he can sit up a little easier I can plonk him on my lap leaning up against me and we can watch the TV sitting in that position having a cuddle :)
