This week Caroline made Evan a fish pie and we are no longer using the little ice cube sized potions for main meals as he would be having about 3 or 4 of them by now. Instead we are using much bigger single containers and I probably think that these are a little too much for Evan at the moment but I'm sure it won't be for long. All it means is that we have some leftovers because he gets bored *(though he always has room for some pudding!)* He enjoyed the fish pie and it was very fishy indeed with quite a strong smell. As the meal progressed Evan started to get bored of the fish and my reactions weren't sharp enough when he decided to thrust his foot into the dish claiming a substantial amount of fish pie on his *(luckily)* naked foot. Errrgh it went between his toes and even after cleaning up the little grubby boy his foot still smelt like a fishy foot pie!  

I wanted to show Evan the sand, sea and snow before his 1st birthday and this week we achieved two of those objectives! We went for a trip to Boscombe Beach in Bournemouth. It was a lovely day and we could have done with air conditioning for the drive there because it took us just under 2 and a half hours! It was lovely to see his reaction to the sand—especially wet sand. He couldn't stop giggling when we covered his feet and legs up with wet sand. He kept kicking it off and laughing when we poured it back on. I think Caroline was the most excited about this trip as it gave her an excuse to buy a bucket and spade and build a sand castle, which Evan and I promptly knocked over*—mwuhahaha*. These are the moments that Caroline enjoys most about having a family, she gets to do these little things that can bring so much happiness into our lives. As Evan gets older I am sure he will appreciate these days out more so.  

I was most concerned about Evan eating the sand but he didn't show any signs of wanting to eat it, he did however enjoy how it felt to hold it. The nightmare was when Evan started to get a little bit tired or when the sun was too bright, he'd rub his sand covered hands into his eyes! Our solution to this problem was to put on his baby banz sun glasses and this appeared to work as it protected his eyes from the bright sun and also from the sand. The sand was really fine and it got everywhere, it took me a couple of days to rid Evan's hair of sand completely.  

One thing is for sure, our holidays and days out will never be the same again, I didn't get a chance to lay down in the sun and relax as Evan needed our constant attention. Caroline's respite from all the chaos was to head off into the sea to relax!
