Evan and I attended a new group this week called Twinkles. We have outgrown the new mums group and over the past few weeks the health visitors have been hinting that we might scare off new mums because we all know each other. This new group is for babies and toddlers and it was really busy so at least I know Evan will get the contact with other children that he needs.

I still went to the new mums group to attend the weigh in and will probably do so until after I start weaning as I want to ensure that Evan is getting everything that he needs. Instead of staying for the group we have arranged to go to each others houses for lunch. This week I was walking to the group when I noticed a police car, as I got closer someone stopped me to ask if I recognised a little boy. This little boy was crying for his mum and dad; he was dressed in his pyjamas still and had no shoes on and his face was covered in dirt. He looked cold so I figured he'd been outside for a while. It was just after 10am and the police were knocking on all the nearby doors trying to locate his parents. I later heard from the health visitors that an hour or so later the police received a call about a missing child but it was horrible to think how long he had been alone. It made me think twice about always ensuring external doors are locked when I go to bed; this will be a good habit to get into for when Evan is older. I still don't understand why it took his parents so long to discover he was gone...

We had lunch at Rachel's this week and I went prepared with some spare clothes as Evan has the tendency to be sick frequently. He totally surpassed my expectations this week and was sick so many times I had him down to his vest and had to borrow some trousers. Luckily for him Alex's mum had some spare otherwise we might have had to borrow Megan's dresses!

We did an impromptu visit to Evan's grandma this week. We wanted to give Caroline some quiet study time and I desperately needed to get Evan some new vests as the others were getting tight around his biceps. We decided to go shopping with Grandma and we had a lovely time but she did spoil us lots. Evan has some lovely new clothes, but I need to relegate some more small ones to make room!

Evan is developing really well, his dexterity is improving, he actually reaches out to grab things. He grabbed his twistable toy for the first time whilst on his belly this week. He is also trying to sit up more and he will do so unaided for a few seconds, though he can be a bit wobbly.
