After the crazy hectic first week at home, most people we knew had managed to see Evan and the daily visits had died down. I had been warned in pregnancy to expect my washing machine to be busy and I am starting to see that now. On average we are doing 2 loads a day when before having Evan I'd only have the washing machine on 3 times a week! I just hope my washing machine survives the extra workload as even before Evan I noticed it was starting to groan lots.

The long hard nights started this week and Evan was becoming as regular as clockwork with his _"rattyness"_ starting around 7pm. We'd struggle to settle him for most of the evening, bed time being the hardest. It doesn't help that he really dislikes lying on his back, his favourite position being upright against my chest with his head nuzzled under my chin.

This year was the very first time that we spent Christmas at home together in 7 years. Usually we are at either mine or Caroline's mums house but seeing as I was heavily pregnant, we decided to stay at home. We were hoping Evan would arrive early and then we could have a Christmas dinner with him so we stocked up on everything, turkey, vegetables and we even planned to make a nice Christmas dessert. All of this ended up in the bin when we returned home from hospital but we weren't to be deterred. We bought a new turkey and Caroline cooked us our Christmas dinner this week. It was lovely and I'll never forget how funny it looked when Caroline was trying to rinse out this huge turkey in the sink, holding its legs in the air. I found it incredibly hilarious that I filmed it on the camcorder, unfortunately I didn't take any static photos of this particular event.

We had an early appointment this week to get Evan registered and of all the nights where we really needed our sleep was the night before this day. We could not get Evan settled at all, he cried so much it made me cry too. We tried rocking, singing and cuddling but none of this would settle him at all. We were really concerned that something was seriously wrong with him and this night we called the labour ward for advice. I had to take the call in another room and the midwife could still hear him crying. She put it down to a bit of colic and said that we needed to stay strong, give him a bath and to maybe put him on the boob every time he became distressed to calm him. The feeding turned out to help hugely, though it was really rough for me and my boobs. We took it in turns to pace the room cuddling him as well as the feeding trick. We managed to get around 3 hours sleep that night and amazingly we were able to get up, washed and dressed in time to leave the house at 9am. I think Evan and I slept in the car, but poor Caroline had to do the driving.

As soon as we returned with his birth certificates we took turns looking after Evan whilst the other got a good earned rest in bed. I found it very hard to sleep without Evan nearby, so my sleep was very broken with me continually waking because I missed him.  

