After the recent evening events with Evan and his sleeping problems we decided it was probably best if Caroline moved downstairs to sleep on the futon. I was not very receptive to this suggestion but I do understand how much Caroline needs her sleep for University as she struggles to stay awake in lectures anyway!

We had our first visit from the health visitor this week as we were no longer being cared for by the midwives. Evan certainly doesn't have a problem eating and breast feeding is going smoothly, this is reinforced by Evans continual weight gain, he now weighs in at 9lb 6oz.

It's very difficult to tell but we are sure that Evan smiled at Caroline for the very first time this week. Most of the time, his smile-like look is an indication that he has wind but this week we saw a glimmer in his eyes and it wasn't the usual crooked smile.

Another medical scare happened this week and it was just typical that it would be me to find it! Fortunately it was a Tuesday and Caroline was at home to hear my screams.. I was in the middle of changing Evan and I had a feeling his umbilical cord would fall off soon as it had started weeping. I could see through the vest that it had fallen off because something was stuck to the vest too far down to be his belly button so I was half prepared for something nasty. It was awful and no wonder change time had made Evan cry lately as his cord was sticking to his clothes and probably irritating him when we removed his clothes. The belly button looked all infected with lots of puss just sitting in his button hole. I cried out to Caroline as it didn't look right and in the end I had to get her to finish the change. I took him to the nurse that afternoon and she said it looked particularly nasty and warranted a second opinion as to what course of action to take. Poor little Evan ended up having it burnt with a nitrogen stick and he cried in the same way as he did when they did the Guthrie test on the heel of his foot. Luckily it only needed burning once and it went all black and dried up again a few days later. It took us a while to get his belly button all cleaned up properly and the poor little man had a few burn marks that needed to heal as well.

Babies bring out smiles and kindness in everyone and that was evident this week. I find that whenever I am out with Evan, people always smile and have a passing look at him. Strangers just seem to smile all the time and they are more than happy to talk to you when you have a baby, especially one as cute as Evan! We were doing our weekly shop when the lady serving behind the deli counter had to stop serving customers to come and have a look at our beautiful son. We had a brief chat whilst being served but before we moved on she came from behind the counter to see Evan who was sleeping peacefully but still looking totally adorable. I could just stand and look at him for an eternity. Even the customers waiting didn't complain and I am sure the only reason they didn't was because of Evan :).
