Over the last couple of weeks we've been trying to establish more of a routine for Evan - regular feed times, nap times and bed time in the evening. But just lately he's really started to fuss in the evenings. I think he's got to that age where he really knows that if he screams his head off Emma comes running and I think he's playing us good!  

At the end of last week we took him round to Emma's mums and we made the mistake of trying him out in the travel cot—boy did he throw a paddy! After that I decided that we had to put a sharp stop to this behaviour before it gets out of hand. I had a read around and I read about a man called Richard Ferber who wrote a famous book about getting babies to sleep. His system is harsh but apparently effective. The idea is to establish a clear night-time routine *(like, bath, story, bed)* and put the baby down awake. He'll cry but you leave him for a set time and then go and soothe him *without* picking him up. It's very difficult because his cries get worse and worse and each time you leave him longer. We've been trying it for a week and it's extremely tough on Emma to leave him but I think we are making some progress. However he was a bit poorly in the middle of the week which didn't help.  

To add to the sleep problems, almost overnight he's just suddenly started rolling over in his cot. At first it was cute, we went in his room and found him on his side with his arm hanging out of the bars! Unfortunately he also rolls completely over and then lays with his face in the mattress which is not safe so of course we keep having to go in there and flip him over which inevitably wakes him up. Bit of a nightmare really. However, I'm determined to stick with it because otherwise I have visions of this little boy throwing tantrums at bed time for years to come and I really don't think I could cope with that!  

We've had some scorching hot weather over the weekend so we bought a little paddling pool for the garden and rather than go swimming at the local sports centre we've been having some little sessions in the pool in the garden. It was funny at first because earlier in the day the water was still a little too cold for him; we dipped his toes in and he flayed his limbs held his breath and did his little heavy breathing thing that he does just before he cries! By late afternoon the sun had been on the water long enough to make it nice and warm and then we could all get in and have a splash about.  

On one of the afternoons we had some Cornetto ice-cream and let Evan have a little then he kept crying. Emma thought he was tired but he wasn't - he just wanted the ice-cream! So she'd give him a little more, take it away and he'd cry again! It was his first ever food and he like's it! It was very cute watching him try to shrove the whole thing in his mouth :-)  

At the end of this week *(Sunday 26th)*, Evan will be six months old! Half a year gone by already...Sometimes it feels like six days, other times like six years!
