It's been quite a week this week. On Tuesday Evan had to go get some jabs done and usually I would go along with them but I had to stay in and wait for a delivery. I heard all about it when they got back and mummy and baby were both rather traumatised.

To make matters worse it was on this day that Emma realised that Evan was actually constipated! Because I am at Uni a lot I don't change him all that much so I didn't really notice that he'd not done a poo in a while. Sometimes Emma can be a little overly dramatic and something that seems rather minor can suddenly be blown out of all proportion. This was one of those things! Once she realised that Evan hadn't actually been for three days she got really worried and phoned the GP _(note, this was after she'd come back from the check-up!)._ I was changing him while she was on the phone and I noticed that he had some redness and a little swelling in one of his legs where he'd had the injection and that was it - Emma panicked, totally overreacted, burst into tears and was quite inconsolable for a while!

Not only that but of course her panic came across to the nurse on the phone _(the tears came after the phone call)_ and she made out that Evan was having some major allergic reaction to the injection so of course they advised her that we take him back in straight away. He was soundly asleep within about 30 seconds of getting him in the car so I felt a little embarrassed at the doctors so I kind of just shuffled around in the corner and let Emma do the talking!

With the aid of a little baby Calpol and orange juice we had both problems sorted out by the evening. Not a day I would particularly like to repeat!
