We have a tooth! I noticed Evan's gum looked a lot paler this week and realised that it was the tooth coming up through the gums. He's had his grumpy moments this week—more so than I have experienced so far and he's also had a couple of days when he didn't want much dinner or evening bottle. I figured that this was finally the teething that we'd thought we were experiencing all those months ago. It's quite funny actually, as we have been putting dentinox on Evan's gums on and off since he was 3 months. I've only just bought a new tube of the stuff and I am starting to think that maybe it was never teething all those months ago. The health visitors never said anything to the contrary but I am sure they were probably thinking newb! every time I said of maybe it's his teeth that is making him grumpy. It was probably sleep, food or just mummy's cuddles that he actually needed. They say your first child is always the hardest and by number two it'll all be different because you know what to expect. I just hope my failings never affected Evan permanently. His first tooth is the bottom one on the right side of the middle. He also got his left big tooth as well and he enjoys grinding them together whilst the rest of us cringe!

Evan can now sit up in his cot and this new achievement has brought along a few issues. He sits whenever I take him to bed and either plays with his teddies and finally flops down when he is tired or if he is determined not to sleep, he will bounce around crying heartily and then bump his head on the bars - this in turn causes the most traumatic cry I have ever heard from him. We had to use the arnica bruise cream for the first time _(of many I am sure)_ because one of his bumps on the head looked quite nasty.

Evan is so close to crawling at the moment, he can get up onto all fours and he attempts to move his arms but either falls on his face or succeeds in moving backwards. He can still get to places with great ease and speed though, he does this weird crawl where he will move forward onto all fours and then twist round onto his bum in the direction he wants to go. Then he will turn and repeat the procedure until he has made it to his destination. We have decided to buy a play pen because even now with his limited movements, he can quite easily get up to mischief. The play pen has allowed me the opportunity to safely deal with chores such as hanging the washing or preparing lunch knowing that I can quite happily watch him through the doorway and know that he is safe. I don't use it that much but it's nice to know I have it there when I need it—finally I can wee in peace!

Evan gave me a shock this week. I am assuming his teeth are causing him some discomfort because he really likes to munch on anything hard, mummy's chin for starters. He has also taken a liking to my neck and this week he managed to suck my neck so hard that it left a mark!

I've been looking around at cars recently because it has become apparent that we really do need a bigger car for those family trips away. We went to look at a Ford Focus this week and I thought it was lovely, it was the colour I wanted, it had all the requirements that we wanted on our next car - air conditioning etc, so we decided to take the plunge and buy it. Typical! 9 months of using a rear facing removable car seat in a 3-door car and just as we are about to upgrade to a permanent forward facing car seat, we upgrade to a 5-door car. Evan loves his new car seat and we can fit the travel cot and push chair snugly into the boot of the Focus. I haven't lost my lovely clio permanently as Caroline has kept that car for herself and I get the lush new family car.
