Caroline came home from hospital at the start of this week and hopefully that's the end of this nightmare. Whilst in hospital Caroline was able to rest and her surgical wounds are now looking so much better. Caroline had bought some special cream that you can rub into scars that will hopefully soften them and make them fade. She bought from the US and so to make the shipping a one off, she bought 5 tubes of it, unfortunately for her she has shown an allergic reaction to the cream. Waste not want not - I've started using it on some of the stretch marks on my stomach, it's probably too late for them as they have turned a silver colour now and the cream recommends using on scars and stretch marks when they are still red.  

Evan has decided that he no longer likes cucumber. One lunch time this week I offered him some sticks as finger food. He pulled this very cute funny face and I am assuming it was because the cucumber felt all sludgy between his fingers especially when he squeezed the stick into mush! He wouldn't eat it and just kept pulling a face and insisted on playing with the cucumber in his hands. Anyway, cucumber is now off the menu for the time being.  

Evan has started showing a keen interest in helping me at lunchtime. He has a habit of trying to take the spoon out of my hand. I know when I am being too slow because Evan opens his mouth before the spoon is anywhere in the vicinity of his mouth and he then tries to grab the spoon and forcefully help me direct it towards his open mouth. I tried giving him a spoon to play with, but this caused more problems as he knew exactly what it was for and kept directing it into his mouth at great speed, usually making him gag in the process!
