We had a lot of new events this week with Evan. He is now exploring further south and now likes to grab his feet and chatter to himself—I'm not sure if he actually knows that it's himself grabbing those little tootsies. Our evening routine is ticking along nicely and Evan has started falling asleep whilst I read him his bed time story, it must be all the frantic kicking and splashing that has worn him out from his bath earlier. He seems to know whenever his nappy is off now and we had an incident earlier where he must have grabbed himself a little too hard and made himself cry—ouchie! To avoid any similar incidents in the bath I tried to distract him with a sponge which he ended up shoving in his mouth and swallowing lots of bath water in the process. I also tried distracting him with his yellow ducks but they were too big to fit into his mouth so he discarded them also. In the end and just for laughs I decided to stick his swimming trunks on to protect his little package and he looked really funny but utterly adorable!  

Evan gave me a little scare this week as he has started to move around a lot more. He has mastered rolling from his back to front so placing him on his play gym whilst I tidy up and do some house chores is not an option anymore as it takes him less than 20 seconds to roll over. He managed to get himself tangled up in the play gym but worse than that he thought it would be fun to try to rollover whilst in the bath. I was just getting some cotton balls from the bag by the side of the bath and in that time he managed to lift his legs up and turn right on to his side submerging half his head. I spun him back over onto his back but the poor little guy had water up his nose and down his mouth. He has yet to try that again...  

I've been eager to start weaning recently and Evan has shown signs of being ready also. He watches intently as I eat my food and occasionally he has opened his mouth to copy me. I have been prepared for weaning for a while now, after the weaning workshop that was run by the health visitors I bought a book to give me ideas of foods to try as I am not a very good cook. My mum bought Evan his spoons and bowls and we now have his *"bumbo"* seat *(another present from his grandma!)*, which is great for feeding him in because it can be easily washed. Evan was 5 months old this week and I decided that the time was right to start weaning him. We mixed some baby rice with some formula milk and away we went! He couldn't get enough of it and loved it. It was rather tricky to get the consistency correct as it kept going runny *(I think that was from Evan's drool though)*. This is when the fun starts though, introducing all the new tastes. I am not the cook in our house but surely pureeing baby food will be easy even for me.
