This week Evan decided to throw his dinner at his mummy! I haven't bought a high chair, though we'll be going to the shops soon because Evan is outgrowing all the other chairs that we use for feeding. We've started feeding him in his bouncer and beside the fact that he has now figured out how to bounce himself, there is also no plastic tray and he can lean forward towards me. He caught me by surprise one afternoon and this time flicked the spoon out of my hand missing him, the chair, the floor but hitting me square on with a spoonful of mush! Evan does look extremely cute when he bounces himself up and down in the bouncer and it makes him giggle lots. He quite likes to bounce a lot after feeding which isn't the best plan as it usually makes him vomit.  

We had another new milestone this week, I was able to get Evan to go back to sleep in his cot after a night time feed. We both fell asleep whilst he was feeding, but when I woke up a little while later I moved him back into his cot in his bedroom.  

To add to the dribbling and wet t-shirts, Evan has now decided that he actually quite likes to suck his t-shirt. This is a nightmare because it just soaks his t-shirt with his saliva that he ultimately needs a new t-shirt afterwards! Maybe I am not feeding him enough :).  

We had an unusual event at the end of this week. Caroline became ill on Thursday and I ended up rushing her to hospital, she does like to do things in style. I was right in the middle of feeding Evan his lunch and I couldn't find anyone to watch Evan so he had to come with us. It took me longer to get her to hospital but we did manage it eventually. I had Evan in the pushchair and I also had to get Caroline into a wheelchair - have you ever tried pushing a wheelchair alongside a pushchair? - not easy. Evan was really good at the hospital because we were there for a long time before I could find someone to look after him. The nurses loved him and he liked all the attention; I even managed to get him to have a nap in the pushchair!
