Evan had an afternoon at his friend Alex's house this week. He also had the pleasure of spending time with Megan as she had travelled all the way from Bath to visit family and friends. It's lovely to see babies playing together and they absolutely adore other babies. Megan and Alex are both crawling and Evan was quite content with his little bum shuffle, and didn't mind it when Alex crawled all over him—it actually made him giggle! I think Evan will do fine at nursery when he starts next month, though he does like a lot of attention most of the time and I don't know if they will be able to provide him with the amount of attention that he gets from me. Just thinking about the long day apart from each other is horrible and very daunting for me.

I tried Evan on pasta and cous cous this week and they appeared to go down very well with him. We have only had potato as a base for his meals for several weeks now and I was desperate to have something else to offer Evan as I am sure he is starting to get bored. I tried Evan on spaghetti to begin with but then I found tiny pasta shapes whilst on a shopping trip at Tesco. I also found flaked rice at Tesco and that was a great find as he had certainly outgrown the baby rice. We also tried Evan on some more finger foods following on from our successes the other week with cucumber, so this week we decided to try toast with margarine and toast with marmite—both were a huge _messy_ hit. He'll suck the toast until it goes all mushy and detaches. I find it very scary watching him eat finger foods like this as I am so worried he'll choke... but he has to learn to eat, I just wish there was an easier way.

Evan is showing greater strength these days and quite often pivots around to the side using his arm on the ground. He can lean forward so that he gets onto his knees but then he sits back up. He is also finding that when a toy is out of his reach that he is able to reach it by leaning on one hand in its direction and then he uses he other hand to reach further towards the toy enabling him to grasp it.

Evan's increasing stomach and back strength is showing that he can now quite happily stop himself from falling backwards, though sometimes his bum shuffling propels him a little faster than he would like causing a head banging moment. This can be quite dangerous as this week Evan managed to topple forwards into the coffee table. He somehow managed to get his face stuck against the side of the table with one hand on the floor and the other trying to push himself off of the table. You feel like you are running in slow motion when things like this happen, my mum got to him first and rescued the poor little chap, though he had a mark on his face for a few minutes after that. However, there is nothing quite as comforting as a cuddle _(maybe a boob feed :/...)_ and he was soon oblivious to the recent event as he happily bum shuffled around the room again.
