What's your worst nightmare when you have a new baby? Well, I suppose there are a million things but one of them might be a washing machine breakdown. Our washing machine has been making strange noises for a while now and it finally packed up at the end of last week. We rushed down to the local store the next morning to buy another one but we had to wait until Thursday for delivery which left us without a machine for almost a week!

Now this coupled with our little poo problem is not a Good Thing! For some reason, over the last week or so just about every poo that Evan does leaks big time - all over his legs or up his back and of course all his clothes get saturated in the yellow stuff. Not nice. Add this to the usual puking episodes and that adds up to a lot 'o washing! Thankfully we have really nice neighbours and our neighbour Anny offered to do our washing for us _(poo 'n all!)_. It probably looks rather strange seeing us wandering up the road carrying a basket of washing...

Evan has been getting grisly in the evenings of late. This could be a number of things and teething is probably one of them but Emma felt that she wasn't able to give him good feeds in the evenings so we've started to give him one bottle of formula each evening now. He's now moved onto the big-boy bottles and has a full eight ounces. According to the weight chart on the back of the formula packet, he's at the weight for a five month old! The funny thing is, he's guzzling down his bottle but it doesn't seem to have had any effect on his other feeds - he's still waking up every 2-3 hours in the night wanting more boob! Poor Emma :/
