I did my last morning boob feed last Wednesday _(20th July)_ and I am really starting to notice them drying up. I am expecting it to take roughly 2 weeks. At the moment it is very strange and uncomfortable at times. The boob that had the last feed is coping a lot better than the one that was not relieved... As the ducts dry up, it makes your boob look really weird instead of having engorgement all over, you tend to find that just parts of the boob are engorged. Evan seems to really like to grab at them so I am finding that incredibly uncomfortable at the moment. I do hope my boobs aren't too saggy as they were one of the nice parts of my body before pregnancy. I've been told by my mum that the skin won't stay loose and detached from the underneath forever and over time the fat will come back. I had dropped from a DD cup to a C cup and then nothing, so I bought some new bras because the nursing ones had become uncomfortable and were no longer providing me support. I've since regained my pre-pregnancy size of a B cup so the new bras had a short life!

I weighed Evan again this week and his weight gain has certainly slowed down, he's still not quite 9kg, but very close. I'll probably weigh him once more before I return to work. I've bought this wooden height chart that looks like a giraffe - it's very cute and we'll have fun marking Evan's height off on that when he's a little bit bigger.

Evan was a little sensitive this week and for some reason I just kept making him cry! How devastating is that?!!? I was playing with him, pulling faces and making funny noises and they had the opposite effect and made him cry instead! You think I would learn after doing this twice! No, I had to make him cry three times—my poor baby boy. I hate seeing him cry and because this was such a silly moment it made me laugh instead. Gawd, I have such a sensitive little boy :).

Caroline has a new game that she plays with Evan—"The Boo Game". The rules are very simple, she just pulls cute little faces and says _"Boo"_ in different tones and multiples, it has Evan in stitches, he can't get enough of it. He probably would have done the same with any word because I am sure it is all down to how you say it and what facial expression you are showing. Quite amusing to watch them though... _"Boo.."_, "Boo, Boo...", _"Boo, Boo, Boooo..."_ etc.

I had my first birthday as a mummy this week on the 30th July and Caroline even got me a card signed from Evan.
