Evan is fully recovered from his bronchitis and he also regained his big appetite this week. Caroline and I still have the remnants of our colds but I am just glad that Evan is ok.  

Evan can really object to things when he wants to. We think he'll be a "foot stamper" for sure when he has tantrums when he is older. He already swings his arms and bounces on his legs! Sometimes the only thing I can do to get his attention is to give him something new as a distraction. Handing him a toy does nothing apart from give him some ammo to launch across the room. Evan loves shiny things and if they flash or make noises the better, he likes his bling! The other week I gave Evan my mobile phone and used the landline to make a call to it. I tried it first with just the ring and then the second time I put the mobile phone on vibrate mode. He was definitely more interested in the phone when it rang.  

My mobile phone is one of the few things that works as a distraction when Evan is having a tantrum. My keys or a wooden spoon can sometimes work but a mobile phone or a remote control work every time. This week Evan surprised me with his deft touch as he managed to do the following with my mobile:  

 - Switch it off *(It was on when I gave it to him as he loves the blue flashing light)*
 - Switch it back on *(he came unstuck with the pin, so I had to enter it before he had me locked out of my phone)*
 - He was then able to access my recent calls list using the green phone button and then promptly dialled the number I had last called
 - He was also quite good at dialling random numbers, luckily he could only manage about 3 numbers before pressing the dial button

I then decided that I didn't want to play that game anymore so I took the phone away from him, which led to a huge cry and another tantrum—doh!  

Evan likes to stand up a lot more now and he is now getting more coordinated when I help him walk holding his hands. One of our favourite times at the moment is on Saturday evenings. We let Evan stay up a bit later than usual so that we can all spend some quality time together as a family. We've been watching the X-factor recently and Evan likes it when I sit on the floor with him and he stands between my legs, holding my hands while he bounces and jigs along to the music.  

The fireworks disrupted Evan's routine this week. Friday 4th November was probably the worst around our area and in the end we had to get Evan up and bring him downstairs until the majority of the fireworks had been let off. The bangs were so loud that they scared me so I am not surprised that he couldn't sleep. He stood up at the patio window watching them but was easily distracted by other events going on inside the house.
