Evan must have had a growth spurt recently, he put on 10 ounces this week when I weighed him at the Mother and Baby group. He weighs 10lb 11oz now and we started having issues with the nappies leaking so we decided to move him into the big boy nappies. We probably should have moved him up to the next size earlier to save us wasting nappies but I wasn't aware that the weights overlapped and I was trying to wait until Evan was 11lbs before moving onto the next!

The swing that my mum bought for us last week works! It's a blessing, I can now pee in peace without a screaming baby in the next room, I can even get up and get myself a drink without worrying that Evan will cry. He seems to be very content in it, he'll eventually get bored but then he does with everything, his favourite toy is still me at the moment :).

The routine enforcing isn't going to plan but we are slowly getting there. He still seems to spend all his time with us though he is managing to stay awake for longer and also keeping himself amused. This is proving useful as now I can at most meal times eat without having to tend to him several times throughout the meal. We are not having much success with taking him upstairs for his nap/sleep, but we are persevering. This is partly down to me I guess because sometimes I just want to hold him all the time and having him sleep on my chest is the best feeling in the world. I love that closeness, to feel his breathing and movements. I can stroke and kiss him whenever I want when he sleeps on me and I can check on him whenever he makes a sound that concerns me.

He loves interactions with us and he is starting to really like change time. I can lie him on the mat after the nappy change and just play with him for ages. He will gurgle and smile at me when I play with his hands and feet whilst making noises and pulling faces. It's so much fun for us both!
