My experience of the birth is totally different to that of Caroline's. When I think back, parts of it are now starting to blur and I need reminding from those that were present to relive certain events. I guess the pain relief through drugs and that of my natural pain relief are part of the reasons for me not remembering it. I personally handled being pregnant and going through the labour better than I would have handled being the partner who felt completely helpless at times.

For two days I was having contractions and I really thought I was doing really well to have lasted with just the TENs machine. I wasn't at the time aware that my waters hadn't fully broken. When I was examined on Christmas Day and the midwife told me that I hadn't dilated at all I was devastated. All I could think of was that the pain I was having was obviously going to get worse. I have never been one for doing things the simple way and literally an hour after contacting my mum to tell her that she was unlikely to get the phone call to get in the car, I started having a contraction that felt just like all the others. I started to puff on the entonox and something inside went pop and all I felt was this gush. I remember hobbling to the toilet in my room shouting back to Caroline to get a midwife quick. When the midwife glanced down and saw the meconium she calmly said that I needed to get to the labour ward as one way or another this baby was going to be delivered. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, to suddenly go from being told that I was probably going to have to be induced the next morning to then having this happen was just typical of me, but I was happy that the baby had finally decided to come.

This is when things start to go a little hazy for me. Caroline contacted my mum to tell her to make her way to the hospital. My birth plan went out the window because I originally wanted an active labour and also wanted to avoid having an epidural. I had to be monitored throughout the whole labour to make sure that the baby didn't go into distress because of the meconium. The induction drip was causing my contractions to become stronger and the pethidine and entonox were not being much help at this stage. I finally agreed to have the epidural and the anaesthetist was really good, she administered the epidural really quickly allaying all my fears of the procedure. The epidural only worked on one side of my body so I needed another dose, which caused my right side to get too much. It was quite funny when my leg kept falling off the bed and I had to ask people to pull my leg back up onto the bed. I don't recall much pain after this, I was finally able to doze off _(even mid-way through conversation)_. I'd only had 3 hours sleep over the past few days and it was all finally starting to take its toll on me.

Thinking back to when the midwife went to lunch, I started to feel intense aching pains in my left buttock. It felt like the worst dead leg feeling you could imagine, everyone thought it was really funny and in the end I had my epidural topped up because it was hurting continuously. I can only assume that this was me feeling the contractions as the baby moved down on his own because when I was reexamined upon the midwifes return from her break, she encountered the baby's head. I couldn't believe my ears, this labour had suddenly gone from doing nothing to everything happening. I was so pleased because I was worried it would go to a c-section, which was not what I wanted. We had a few trial pushes and then waited 40 minutes for the epidural to wear off some more.

The pushing stage was surreal, sometimes I couldn't feel the contractions and pleaded with the midwife to tell me when to push. She was brilliant and I don't think I will ever forget her. If things ever got a little scary, she never let on and remained completely calm. It was all hands on with my mum, Caroline and the midwife all helping me to push. I wish I could have seen what was happening, but then maybe that would have stressed me out. The cord around the neck was my worst fear throughout pregnancy and when it turned into reality I became a little hysterical. I was told to stop pushing and that is easier said than done! and the cutting of the cord seemed like a life time. When Caroline started to cry I feared the worst, but hearing his tender cry after I pushed his body put turned my tears into happy tears. Watching the medical staff clearing his air ways was awful, it looked such a painful procedure. Hearing his hearty cry afterwards made me feel over the moon.

I don't remember much after that, I was absolutely drained physically and emotionally. It was a long time before I was able to hold my son and I really wanted us to bond straight away. When I finally held him for the first time, I was besotted, it was all worth it.

Things I will never forget... The relief I felt inside when the placenta was delivered, it felt like I had just lost a couple of stone. Being sick, I was sick several times and managed to do so on everyone including the machine that I was hooked up to! The feeling of complete happiness I felt when I held my son for the first time. The amazing people that were with me throughout my delivery and hospital care. If only I could have the same people there for number two!
