My First Festival—Aged 2. How many of us can say that? Evan has just been to his first festival _"Legoland Live"._ We've had these annual passes for Legoland, so we thought we'd try and make a note of some events that would be good to go to throughout the summer. Today was a special festival with all the favourite stars of children's TV _(Barney, Lazy Town, Pingu, Bob the Builder and lots more)._

Because of the annual passes, we didn't feel the need to go early and get our money's worth because our entry was free, so we set off at lunch time to make the short 10 minute drive to Legoland. The roads were busy and we had to turn around and try an alternate route to get towards Windsor. I couldn't understand where all the traffic was heading—surely it wasn't Legoland!?!? After listening to a news bulletin our fears were realised, we were sitting in a traffic jam with other festival goers all trying to reach Legoland. 2 hours later we arrived, luckily Evan had become bored in the car and had fallen asleep. The nightmare journey hadn't ended, we were directed to this overflow area for cars where we were instructed that the car park was full and the park was almost at full capacity. We could still go in but the car had to go. We couldn't bear to go home because there is no way Evan would understand, he was so excited about this day out. I decided to drop Caroline and Evan off so that they could go to the park and I would go and find somewhere to park. Luckily I was able to find a spot on the grass verge outside Legoland and it wasn't long before I caught Caroline and Evan who were trudging up the hill towards the park.

We went into the park, not realising that the festival event was being held in the field at the end of the car park. We let Evan go on some of his favourite rides like the Spinning Spider and the Flying Chairs. We queued up for the Dinosaur roller coaster that he liked last time we came, it took us about 30 minutes in this queue. When we finally reached the end, Evan refused to go on the ride. I couldn't believe it—we'd just queued for all that time and he point blank refused to get in. I was not amused, this seemed like a good time for us to get some lunch!

After wandering around the park unable to find the festival, we decided to ask at the information desk. When they told us that it was outside the park, we decided we'd better head up before it ended. We did manage to get onto a new ride we'd not been on before, it was a train that went really fast; I couldn't stop giggling because it was throwing us everywhere! We stopped off for Legoland's famous chocolate covered waffles _(with sprinkles)_ on the way out of the park.

We managed to catch the last part of the festival and I actually thought it was a really well organised event. Evan thoroughly enjoyed himself dancing and waving the giant card board cut out of bob the builder. There was even a section in front of the stage _(looked like a mosh pit)_ with lots of little children dancing, chanting and bopping around—It was so cute. Bob the builder was the headliner event and it made Evan's day to see him, Wendy and Spud the scarecrow.

All three of us were absolutely shattered by the end of the day!
