Evan has shown signs of really picking up on things that we do around him lately. A few months ago we were watching my ladies football team play their final home game of the season. I had to take Evan with me because Caroline was away at a Karate event. We took his ball and played football on the pitch when it wasn't in use—he absolutely loved that. Every time I cheered for the team, Evan shouted _"Come on Tottenham"_ making everyone in the stand laugh at how cute he was. We were all cheering for Burnham, but Evan was shouting Tottenham—love it! Whilst we were wandering around, he got a little excited and fell on the rough grass surrounding the pitch. This patch of grass was littered with stingy weeds and Evan ended up getting little stingy bumps on his face. We found a doc leaf and used a bit of saliva _(as you do)_ and rubbed the doc leaf on his face because apparently that helps the bumps go down. I always thought it worked for me and I've fallen into some pretty nasty stingy bushes as a child. Someone always used to say to me, _"Doc leaves are never too far from a stingy bush because they are the cure."_

Well it looks like Evan has remembered this little trick. I was sitting on the sofa with my shorts on exposing my white legs when Evan spotted a little graze from football. He wandered over with some pebbles from the garden and some bits of leaf that he'd pulled from a shrub in the garden. He said he was going to make me better. He placed a heap of pebbles on my knee and then gently rubbed them and the leaf pieces over my graze. _"That's all better now mummy."_ It was so cute, he'd sort of remembered what I did but not quite.
