It's 10 years today! Caroline and I celebrated our 10th anniversary. We'd hoped to do something really special this year, originally planning to get married now that it has finally become legal to do so in the UK. We weren't able to do this due to a number of reasons, lack of time and changes financially. It is something we are still committed to do but probably when we're not spending £900 a month on nursery fees for Evan. Getting married will give us equal rights and it will mean that Evan really does have two co-parents in the eyes of the law.  

This week was a strange one for me, a very sad one indeed. A friend I used to work with died in a car crash on my birthday. She was a really lovely girl—always smiling. We used to bump into each other regularly at the gym during our lunch hour and she would often join us down the pub for a few drinks. We both left the Company within a month of each other, she was leaving to take up playing polo professionally. She spoke of her plans to play in South America and Australia and I was looking forward to reading about her successes. Becky followed her dreams and she finally made it, although only for a short time. I guess the message we can take from this is to never put off following your dreams. Life is so short and you should live each day to the fullest.  

Her accident happened local to me on a stretch of road in Winkfield that I use whenever the motorway is jammed. I've had to use it quite a lot over the past few weeks. This week I chose to take a detour one morning to lay some flowers in her memory. She had so many friends and will be greatly missed; I don't think I'll ever be able to drive down that road without thinking about her.  

I wasn't able to make it to her funeral because I had been off work that week with some awful stomach virus that both Evan and I picked up. My friend Trevor said she had a huge turn out on the day with so many people going to pay their respects that they couldn't all fit into the crematorium.

