We all went to the dentist this month for our 6 month check up. Last time Evan didn't have as many teeth so a simple smile and giggle was enough to let the dentist check them. This time around he has all of his child teeth except for the final set of molars. I'd been practicing with Evan for the week before opening our mouths and saying *"Aaaah"*. I thought we had it sussed but when we attempted to do it for the dentist Evan became shy and refused.  

Caroline went in first, while I amused Evan in the waiting room. We were having so much fun until drama erupted in style. He managed to stumble on the carpet and fell into the base of the waiting room seats. They had these carpeted bases and it resulted in Evan getting a nasty carpet burn graze on his forehead that stayed for several days. We did manage to let the dentist see his teeth afterwards and she said he had a lovely set.  

Evan has been having visits to the next room at nursery as he is now the oldest in his current room and the other children are much younger than him. There was a little group of them that loved playing together and one by one they have all been moving up into the 2-3 year old room—Evan being the last one to move. He loves the visits because he much prefers to play with the older children. I feel sorry for the little girls in that room, it's so noisy and there are only 2 or 3 girls in total! The boys are quite boisterous.  

We had our first down pour of snow this month since the mini blizzard we had on Evan's 1st birthday. Evan was mesmerised by all the white stuff and it stayed longer on the ground this time. He loved it, we left for work later than usual because we spent several minutes making pretty footprint patterns in the snow. It was great, though it only lasted for the day. We arrived at nursery and it was a battle to get him inside and we used a snowball as bait. The only downside was him then throwing it at one of the nursery ladies! Everyone saw the funny side of it. Apparently he had a lovely day playing in the snow at every opportunity—I wish I'd been able to enjoy it with him.  

Evan is becoming quite the little chatterbox these days and in the car he can be quite demanding. He insists on you answering him every time and if you don't he'll just repeat Mummy over and over again until you respond. Sometimes I'll look at him waiting for him to continue the conversation but he insists on you saying the words *"Yes, Evan?"*. It's hard work, but he loves to chat *(wonder where he gets that from!).*  

We have abandoned the naughty step, instead we now use a naughty corner. We use the steps to help put his shoes on, so it had a conflict on interests there. We didn't want Evan to think he was being disciplined when we wanted to put his shoes on. The steps also have a lot of things that distract him and we started to notice that he'd just sit there and play with the phone or coats whilst he was sitting out his 2 minutes. This also meant we had no form of time out when he was naughty upstairs as we didn't have any steps handy. We've decided that a naughty corner is more appropriate and we have places that can be used whether we are upstairs or downstairs. He really hates the naughty corner as well and we're starting to see it working because he shows signs of regret when his time out ends and he always apologises.
