I mentioned to Evan last month that Roary the racing car was going to be at Legoland. That probably wasn't the wisest move I have made as Evan doesn't really understand weeks, though he is starting to grasp days of the week and weekends now. As a result of that mishap, he's been talking about Legoland and Roary for a while now. Well the day finally arrived this month, we were off to see Roary. Caroline's family were off to Legoland this weekend as well so we made plans to meet up with them as it's much better to do these kinds of trips in a group. We learned our lesson from the Legoland Live experience earlier in the summer by leaving really early to get to the park by 10am. It was a wise decision as we got a car parking space right at the front of the park. Evan as usual had a great time, he'd been talking about the famous Ollie the Dragon roller coaster that we queued 30 minutes for last time before refusing to go on. We decided to give it another go this time as he was adamant that he wanted to go on it. There was 4 of us so we queued again for about 20 minutes this time and sure enough Evan started to cry as we steppe into the seats. Caroline just plonked him down and said _"stop crying, you'll like it"._ He wasn't screaming like last time so the stewards let us keep him on. As soon as the ride started he stopped crying and enjoyed it just like the first time we went on it. I'm still not sure why he was crying in the first place.. _who knows..._

We did a few new rides this time including the fire engine challenge, which he seemed to enjoy, though he got a little scared when we were rushing around trying to beat all the other people in the engines next to us. We came second, his Uncle Frank beat us all! Caroline headed off to see Roary with Evan at the end of the day whilst I queued for an hour with the adults for the big roller coaster. I'm not really a roller coaster fan, I find them terrifying but I still put myself through all the pain and do them just because... I think it's because I feel it in the stomach, like when you go over a hump back bridge—it makes my stomach clench and feel funny. A roller coaster has the same effect, Caroline on the other hand gets a head rush and feels nothing in her stomach. We bought the picture because I looked so terrified in the back where as Caroline's nieces just screamed and smiled. I let them keep the picture, though Caroline did find it amusing to look at.

I joined Caroline and Evan at the Roary tent afterwards and it was absolutely great. Roary was a real little car, slightly larger than a go-kart, he moved around, made revving noises and his hat and wings moved up and down. It was great and it was probably Evan's highlight of the whole day. The guy looking after Roary let Evan climb over the haystacks to sit next to him so that I could get a great picture of them together. He couldn't stop smiling, he seemed really happy. My only concern is that Evan will now expect to see Roary the racing car at Legoland every time we visit. We woke up on Sunday morning to that exact question—_"Can I go to Legoland to see Roary mummy?"_

Evan loves fire engines and this is one toy we don't really have, so when I spotted a lego fire engine in the shop with a working siren and lights, I just had to buy it for him. He's been playing with it a lot since our trip to Legoland, I wonder how long it will last.
