Evan had a birthday party to go to today as a friend from nursery was having her 3rd birthday. I wasn't particularly prepared for this as we'd only just come back from our holiday in France. Nevertheless, I still managed to get a present and card during my lunch break in the week leading up to the date. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I figured it would be something like the birthday party that he went to at Christmas time.

Evan had a nice sleep in the car on the way to the party so I hoped he'd last the few hours without getting too tired. As we approached the Community Hall where the party was being hosted I spotted a huge bouncy castle inside. _"OMG!"_ was my initial reaction. This bouncy castle was the main feature and Evan has a thing about them, being that he won't go anywhere near them. His friend Rachel and her daddy came to great us and Evan just burst into tears and dug his feet into the ground refusing to go into the hall. I was apologetic and in the end they had to leave us outside while I tried to reason with him. ...Time ticked on...

...After about 10 minutes I finally persuaded him to come with me, so I picked him up and we walked inside. Obviously Evan decided that it was a little too much to take so now we had a screaming baby inside the hall and I could feel the colour filling in my face. I walked him over to the play mat area where we had the secondary toys—your standard cars and farm animals with a little play house. After a few minutes and the occasional glance at the bouncy castle to check that it hadn't moved, Evan started to settle. He spent the whole afternoon in between eating and pass the parcel, playing with this set of toys. He kept saying _"wow look mummy, a slide"_ because there was an inflatable slide attachment on the bouncy castle that the children loved. I said _"Yep it's great, don't you want to join in?"... "No mummy I don't!"_ was the assertive response I received back.

He did seem to have a fun time once we'd overcome the initial bouncy castle horror. I've no idea where he has this fear from, he's only ever seen a bouncy castle a few times and we've never been able to get him to go on them. We had one moment when they let the bouncy castle deflate whilst the children ate because it was so noisy when pumped up. Evan was relieved to see it flat, but as soon as they re-inflated it, he cried like he had earlier. I couldn't help but laugh. They supplied these really cool looking bubble wrap sheets with giant bubbles that the children could stamp on to make pop. There were some children that didn't like this and wouldn't put their feet on them, I wasn't surprised to see Evan fall into that category as well... I'm glad he doesn't like the big party events because it means we won't have to host a party for him for a few years until he overcomes his issues with things like bouncy castles.
