Oh my! What a day... Evan and I spent the weekend with my mum, which was great fun—she spoilt us and it was lovely to spend some quality time with her. I had a home football match to play in the afternoon, so we came home Sunday morning just in time for me to drop Evan off at home to be with Caroline and then I set off for football. I managed the first half of the football game before I was called out of the dressing room at half time to see Caroline standing there without Evan. I immediately asked where Evan was; I could see from her face that something wasn't quite right. She informed me that Evan was with our neighbour but we needed to take him to hospital because he had a raisin stuck up his nose. I was astonished—_"how the hell did that happen?"_ was my initial response.. I couldn't get my football boots off quickly enough and just threw some clothes on over my kit before racing home to Evan.

It didn't take us long to get to the hospital and I had all these thoughts running through my head as to why it happened and how the hell were they going to get it out. Shortly after arriving we were sent down to the Children's A+E department and Evan was quite happy to play with all the toys there.

The issues happened when the nurse called his name. He would let her look up his nose but as soon as she went near him with the claws, he freaked out.. I'm not surprised, they were scary looking things and his nose was very tiny in comparison. We tried to restrain him, but that just made him panic more. She said we'd have to wait up to 3 hours for a Doctor to see him and then they would just get more people to pin him down. That thought scared me, I said _"There must be another way, he really doesn't want those claw things near him"._

The nurse reappeared with a senior colleague and they suggested a couple of things for me to try. I was horrified—_"Me?!?!?"_ As it turns out I was the only person who could try these techniques because I was related to him. First we tried to cover his mouth and blow air up the unobstructed nostril. We did this twice, which made him sneeze. The raisin was still stuck, the second more intrusive technique was to block the unobstructed nostril and forcefully blow air into his mouth. This scared me and I protested that surely you're only supposed to do that to people who aren't breathing! They insisted it was the only other way, so as required I blew into his mouth. On the second attempt the raisin flew out of his nose covering the side of my face with baby nose gunk*—euuww lovely, just what I needed...* He found the whole thing uncomfortable and it made him cry a lot but we were glad to have the raisin out with his cooperation.

Hopefully he will think twice about putting things up his nose in the future. We now have a handy tip for all our friends with kids for if this ever happens to them.
