Mr brother and his fiancé Pascale got married at the end of June. We did try to get Evan there in one piece, it all went pear shaped when I arrived to collect him from nursery the night before only to see that he was now sporting a nice black eye. Evan had decided it would be a good idea to dive on some pillows earlier in the day, the only issue being he missed them.

The wedding happened to be on the day before we flew to France for our small break. We left it a little late to leave because we wanted to check in online and that has to be done 24 hours before your scheduled flight. We were staying at the fantastic wedding venue that night, so this was our only chance to check in online. We set off, the weather miserable and the Google Map directions not really helping us. I must have travelled up and down the A33 trying to find the turning a couple of times before we suddenly realised that we were at a different point in the directions completely.

I spent a lot of time thinking about the wedding beforehand as it would be the first time in 5 years that I will have seen my dad, the last time being a snowy evening before he left for Spain. I was determined not to ruin my brother's special day but my dad and I still have unresolved issues and we probably always will because neither one of us will back down. I wasn't sure how I was going to handle the whole Evan issue and it wasn't until I had a chat with my mum that she convinced me that maybe I should introduce them. So not to confuse Evan, I just said _"Evan this is my dad"._

The day went really well and it didn't start raining until after all the pictures were taken and we were all inside eating. Pascale looked absolutely stunning and Neil scrubbed up well too :), it was a beautiful wedding. We managed to keep Evan awake most of the evening, in fact he had me dancing on the dance floor right up to the moment I decided it was time for bed—I was as shattered as him. The whole babysitting didn't go as planned, we were all going to do a shift _(Caroline, my mum and me)_. Poor Caroline ended up staying with him the whole night because when I popped up to trade, she was in bed and didn't really want to go downstairs on her own. It was a real shame as the night was a really good one.
