*Pants?!—What Pants...?*  

Evan has been wearing pants recently in an attempt to finally get him out of nappies in the day time. This is one benefits of being at nursery because he saw all his friends wearing underwear and going to the toilet by themselves that he decided he wanted to do it as well.  

All was going well, we had Evan staying dry all day and then he'd only wear a nappy in the afternoon for the journey home in the car. He is only doing a wee on the toilet at the moment as we have this real issue with poo, he just won't tell us when he needs to go.  

However, we have since had a little setback and now Evan seems to be having 1 or 2 accidents every day. I'm struggling to get all the clothes washed along with our usual wash load every day. We started to wonder if the pants training was maybe stressing him out a little bit and as a result he was rebelling.  

I tried a new tactic and offered him a treat of some sort if he could go the whole day without an accident and the nursery even created a little chart for him to use every time he goes to the toilet he can put a smiley face sticker on the chart. This seemed to be working until today... I arrived at nursery and immediately spotted that he was in his spare clothes.  

Today's accident was unlike any other he'd had before, he'd said to Lucy his carer that he needed to go to the toilet but instead of going, he promptly sat on the floor and wet himself. He then asked to put a sticker on his chart! Whilst they were cleaning him up, he then turned to Lucy and said *"I've just flushed my pants down the toilet"* (with a giggle at the end and a rebellious grin on his face). She couldn't believe it and at first she didn't but when they couldn't find the elusive pants, she then checked the toilet... They weren't there so we can only assume that they really did get flushed down the pipes; I just hope they don't end up causing a blockage further down!  

Well that's the end of that for now... Evan is back in nappies until he gets over this little rebellious phase and we'll just try again another time...  

It was actually rather funny when she told me but it is so hard to keep a straight face when you try to tell your children that they shouldn't do things like that.
