**_"Bienvenue à l'édition en Français!"_**

Well—not quite! The month started and ended with a French event. My speech is somewhat better but I can't really write it. We were invited to a BBQ at Caroline's brother's house at the end of May. This BBQ was special as her relatives from France had travelled over for a long weekend and this would be the first time that I met them. It was a really lovely day despite the terrible weather that we had and I just wish I could have chatted with them, however they didn't really speak English. We chose this day to trial the new in car DVD player that I purchased to help keep Evan occupied on our trip to France at the end of June. I didn't intend to use it in the car, mainly for the aeroplane and whilst we were out there. Evan seemed to be doing well until about 25 minutes into the journey when he took the headphones off and looked as though he might fall asleep. We couldn't turn the DVD player off so it just carried on playing. It all went horribly wrong when Evan started to cry and out of no-where he was sick everywhere. I was on the M25 at this time and it was raining so hard, we had luckily brought some spare clothes with us this time as we're learning from the baby in the pond incident earlier in the year. We ended up stripping Evan off at the side of the road to change his clothes and then I tried to clean the car as best I could with just a handful of wipes at my disposal. The rest of the journey was just as unpleasant as the smell was awful. Now that was an expensive way to discover that your child suffers from travel sickness!
