Oh the joys of nits. I collected Evan from nursery one evening and was told that he'd spent a lot of time scratching his head. With his hair being so fair it didn't take me long to spot the little bugs crawling around. __*(Shudder)*__ It's been a very long time since I saw a nit and at first I didn't think they looked like them but after a phone call to my mum we decided that they probably were. Aren't mums great, they always seem to know what to do in new circumstances like this. My mum never fails me and she's always full of insightful information when I haven't got a clue. I was due to go to football training that evening but I decided the nit issue needed to be resolved immediately and it wasn't something I could leave Caroline to deal with on her own.  

We weren't entirely sure of our plan of action but the psycological itchiness was starting to really irritate me and the cat flee comb—yes that's all we had to hand wasn't helping because nits are a lot smaller than cat flees. In the end we resorted to the reliable crew cut—I'm so glad we had a boy, it would have been too cruel to inflict this kind of hair cut on a little girl. Evan wasn't impressed as we had to wake him up to do this but when I said we were going to get rid of all the bugs he cooperated as much as any 2 year old would. It wasn't an immediate success because we spotted quite a few eggs left behind by his roots. We usually give Evan a grade 4 hair cut and I was hoping a grade 2 would eradicate them, but that was not the case here. We then spent the next 10 minutes pulling as many eggs out of his wet hair with our finger tips—yuk!  

I did get told off by my mum for shaving his hair off, instead I should have found an all night chemist. Oh well we live and learn from these situations. I went to the chemist the next day and they didn't recommend the solutions that you see advertised on TV, instead a good old nit comb and lots of conditioner. This nit comb I bought was £10! At that price, it had better work... I forgot to buy some cheap conditioner so the next evening Evan had the "Fructus Garnier" treatment instead! This nit comb worked a treat, it found another 6 or 7 eggs that we had originally missed. The most amusing part of this whole situation was when we arrived at nursery the morning after the shaved head. Everyone was saying *"ooh Evan you've had a lovely hair cut"* and his response was *"because of the bugs, I don't have bugs in my hair"*—It was rather amusing.
