_hello??_

### (Written by Emma)

This was probably the worst day of all for me. I had felt in control since Thursday and today Caroline's mum had arrived because she was ever so worried and she wanted to be able to visit Caroline everyday. I wasn't able to go to the hospital in the day because you are restricted to two visitors and today Caroline's mum and her brother Herve went. I spent the day with Evan at home. We made a collage of Caroline's pictures so that we could see her all the time and Evan actually liked to look at them whilst I fed him.

I was so lonely today and when Evan was sleeping, I spent my time lying on the sofa crying and sleeping when I was finally exhausted. I hadn't eaten or slept very well since Saturday and my body's strength was starting to wane.

When Caroline's mum returned from the hospital, I was all set and ready to get my neighbour to baby sit Evan for me when they hit me with a bombshell. I had been stuck at home and in my absence a group of surgeons had decided to operate again on Caroline. They arranged this all with the consent of her mother and I was completely out of the loop. I understand they probably would have gone ahead and done the operation with or without consent but it was her mother's consent they asked for. She was allowed to see Caroline before the operation and no-one even bothered to think of her lover, her life partner stuck at home going out of her mind with worry. They didn't even phone me for an update, I had to phone myself and then it took me ages to get through. People can be so hypocritical, just 48 hours earlier I had been given a lecture by Caroline's family for not phoning them with information. I had specifically asked her mum to just let me know how she was so I would not worry and she said she would, but the phone call never arrived... This was my punishment!

I just stood there holding Evan in my arms as they broke the news to me. I couldn't hide my tears and I just broke down, trapped in my own home. I was so angry and I never thought I was capable of getting angry with her mum ever, but today I did. She finally understood what I was getting at when I said _"You were able to see her today and you leave it until she is literally on the operating table before telling me. If anything happens to her, I would not have been able to say goodbye. Did it not occur to you that when the Surgeons gathered you into the room thinking that they had all the important people there to discuss this life threatening operation that there was one person missing. You didn't feel the need to say hang on, we need to get Emma here or at least call her...."_ It was then that her mother finally realised. She'd been in agony herself these past few days stuck 90 miles away and now she was finally here by her daughters bedside and she didn't need me, I guess my needs just slipped out of her mind.

My mum hadn't planned to come over today but I needed someone there for me, I felt beleaguered. The next hour seemed to drag on and finally after 2 hours of surgery, the phone rang. The surgeon would only let me know she was in recovery and then insisted that he speak to her next of kin, her mother... I was livid, I threw the phone to her mother and just sat there watching her expressing as the surgeon explained what had happened. I don't think we will ever know what they found as Caroline's mum didn't really understand what the surgeon was saying and only spoke afterwards of them removing debris! I later found out this was not the case, but in fact they had found nothing and only removed some excess fluid.

When my mum arrived, Pascale _(Neil's girlfriend who had rushed over)_ stayed at home to look after Evan and we headed straight for the hospital. I was so upset this night but I was actually relieved to just see her there still alive. She was worse than yesterday and now she also had another serious surgery to recover from.

Tonight I witnessed Caroline in distress and I tried ever so hard to go to her but my mum just held me back so that the Doctors could deal with her. I cried out, my arms reaching out to her only to find thin air. I'd seen Caroline reach up for the tube yesterday but you could easily move her arms back down to her sides.

They were suctioning fluid out of her tonight and that caused her to startle, eyes open and arms flaying about. It was a sight I fear will stay with me for a long time to come. The tube even when sedated can cause you to gag and she did it really bad this night. It was awful... _"I wish I could take her pain"_ was all I could say as my mum cradled me in her arms.

We spoke to the Doctors in ITU about the situation with the next of kin and it appears that the records on the main computer system were wrong and that was why the surgery team refused to speak to me. Luckily the ITU records were correct and as far as they were concerned, I was the next of kin. They really were lovely people and I am glad Caroline had such lovely people looking after her.

I stayed with Caroline until she was all settled and then we left the hospital for the night.
