It's been a funny old month this month. I've been so busy, yet I don't really have much to show for it. Evan and I had some time off unexpectedly this month due to him being a little bit poorly. Normally when he's not allowed to go to nursery it's not because he is really ill, but it's just to protect the other children and he'll spend most of the time at home running around playing. This time though, it was obvious that he was in discomfort, he wanted lots of cuddles and attention. I did manage to find some good ways to distract him though, we printed off lots of pictures from the CBeebies website and we sat and coloured them in. Chuck in a couple of home drawn horses and spiders and you've got one content little Evan. CBeebies have a great website, the games keep Evan amused so easily, though I'm the one that actually has to play it for him. It'll be better for him when he can actually do it all. He's quite good though, if I say to him to press the space bar, he knows exactly what to do.

He has this obsession with spiders _(not real ones)_, he just wants you to draw spiders and play the spider game with your hand. I discovered the hard way that it wasn't real spiders that he was interested in :). I took him upstairs to get bathed one day and there was this tiny spider on the ceiling in the corner above the bath. I said too Evan _"Oooh look Evan, a real spider..."_ When he looked up from inside the bath, he just freaked out and decided that minute that he didn't want to be in there anymore....Now every time we go into the bathroom, he says _"Spider gone"_ because he knows it's not there anymore.

We visited his great nan in Birmingham this month and he finally met his great uncle for the first time ever. My uncle always seems to be working when we visit, but we managed to time it just right this time. It was a good day, but unfortunately this was the day when Evan became ill, so he was very clingy and in a lot of discomfort.

My other nan had an accident at her nursing home this month, she broke her leg nastily above the knee and she needed an operation to save it. She did give us a little scare that week and I've spent some time this month visiting her to make sure she's alright. She's back at the nursing home now recovering from the operation, but we're all still worried because she might fall over again doing herself even more damage.

We went Christmas and birthday shopping for Evan this month and decided it would be easier to take him with us than arrange a baby sitter. Plus it was a good way to find out if he really did like the things we were looking to get him. I wanted to get him a lot of Lego this year, to benefit from the Free Annual Pass to Legoland if you spend a certain amount in one day at the shop. It seems a bit extreme but it was definitely worth it because an Annual Pass to Legoland is £60. He spent the whole time running around just looking at things in amazement and attempting to carry it all over to Caroline to show her. We managed to get most of the things for our Lego Thomas the Tank Engine train set, except for the Thomas section, but hopefully he'll be satisfied with the others as he has all of them.

Evan has this new thing that he has started doing in the bath. He has chosen to start lying down on his front so that he can kick his feet and play that way in the bath. Luckily the day he chose to do that for the first time was a day when there wasn't so much water in the bath and lying down didn't give him any problems with water reaching his mouth. I wasn't sure if it was a one off at first but now every bath time he seems to spend some of the time on his belly playing.
