Evan and I went to see my mum this month and we stayed overnight so that Evan could see more of his grandma. We had an exhausting but very enjoyable time, my mum would probably echo those thoughts as well. As it happens, she also had a friend visiting from Cornwall but as she was also splitting her time with others, she wasn't at my mums on the days we went. We met at Ikea in Lakeside as that was half way between the location where my mums friend was going to and we fancied a shopping trip anyway, so this was ideal. I found this great chair for Evan at Ikea, it's basically a child version of their fancy bouncing recliner chairs. It is so funky and it had this really nice beige fabric that would go really well in our lounge with our sofas. We really needed to get him a chair as he was starting to climb on the sofa, but it's still too big for him to sit on comfortably. For a while we have been just piling some pillows on the floor for him, but that was probably even more uncomfortable for him, so I am really pleased with this latest purchase.

Whilst at my mums, Evan and I stayed in her bedroom and I was wondering how well we'd cope in the same room again because at home we can hear most noises that Evan makes in the night through the walls. I was so surprised at how well he slept, I didn't hear a thing from him all night. In fact the only disturbance was the dogs downstairs who kept trying to get into the room where my mum was sleeping.

Evan has shown a love of lids, he has this fascination with any kind of lid that he can put onto a container. Every morning, we have this routine with all the creams and hair stuff that Caroline and I use. Evan has this sixth sense around lids, he just knows when we are getting one out. He can be sitting quietly by his toy box upstairs and then he'll just jump up and run into the bathroom pointing and shouting lid, it's very cute. He'll then wander around holding it whilst we use the substance and then he'll come and place the lid back onto the container. He does this every day whenever there is a lid in sight.

Another one of Evan's recent addictions, is that of my slippers. He absolutely loves them. He wasn't very good at putting them on his feet at the beginning of the month and he used to get upset when we tried to help him as well. He persevered and now he can easily step into them and then he'll just wander around with them on, he can move rather fast for a little boy wearing footwear that is far too big for him. It's very funny and cute.

We went to Legoland again this month to use the free tickets that we were given when we last visited. We decided to only go for the afternoon as we now knew exactly what Evan could and couldn't go on, so we just went to the areas of the park that he could go on. We managed to get on the one ride this time that we never managed to get on last time as the queue was shorter. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy himself again so I think we'll definitely invest in an annual pass next year.

Evan and I also visited a little farm this month with my mum and it had lots of fun things to do, as well as lots of animals to see. We went into the soft play area, at first I accidentally took him into the older children's area, which was a scary ordeal for me! I was helping him climb and at the time I thought, crikey his legs would go straight through that net, so I just carried him across most of the things and when you only have one hand free and you're balancing on an unstable net about 20ft off the ground with a small child in your arms, it's rather terrifying. After a while I decided that something wasn't right, so we climbed down and then I found the baby soft play area. We saw some huge horses, which Evan found somewhat scary. We did go for a ride on a combine harvester, Evan was unsure initially, but he seemed to enjoy it in the end. I think the bumpy ride and the noise of the engine was what he found scary.

I think the summer is definitely over now and the dark nights are returning. It's horrible when you wake up in the morning and it's dark, wet and cold outside... It's quite handy that Evan has only just started to out grow his clothes, just as a new season arrives as we would have needed to get him some new clothes anyway.
