This month saw the change over to Evan nearly always walking and not so much of the crawling anymore. By the end of his first week back at nursery there was no stopping him.

As a result of his increased walking, especially as he is still unsteady some of the time, we are seeing more bumps and bruises than ever before. He is ever so confident and will quite happily eat bits of food off of your plate and then walk around the room chomping away. He'll even twist and turn a lot especially when holding a toy of some sort. He can dance up and down on his feet as well and he is definitely aware of music and dancing. His little baby bop is absolutely adorable. He is more aware of children's TV these days, he still recognises and likes the theme tunes to the TV programs that we watch but he stops and wanders over to the TV when channels like CBeebies are on, one of his favourites at the moment is 'Boogie Beebies'.

We had our worst accident to date this month and it was one that happened when he lost his balance and slipped on the slippery bathroom floor. I was running a bath for Evan and hadn't taken his clothes off so he was wandering around still with his socks on. We have a small tiled ledge that runs the width of the bathroom and he was leaning against it while waving a toy around, when he slipped and fell. We couldn't cushion the fall as he fell away from us but when Caroline picked him up she passed him over to me saying _"He needs mummy's special cuddles"_. I couldn't believe it when I glanced down at him to assess the damage as blood was pouring from his mouth. I had to hold my hand to catch it all. It took a while to stem the flow and the cause of such bleeding was what I now know to be a fairly common mouth injury in small children. He had separated the bit of loose skin that joins your upper lip to your gum. It took several days to reattach itself properly and cleaning his teeth was a real nightmare to make sure we didn't catch it and make it bleed again...

Evan has a new game and it is one that both Caroline and I really like. He likes to put all his toys away into his toy boxes, actually he just puts everything he can find into his toy boxes, but at least it's a start! It is really cute when I tip all his Lego out onto the floor and all he wants to do is put them back away. He does get bored after a while, so we only usually get half of the tidying up done before he gets distracted.

I had to take Evan for his MMR this month, something I was dreading as I had to go alone with him. For all his other injections I was able to take someone along with me for support. He didn't actually cry until the nurse started injecting the fluid in and that's what used to make me scream when Caroline had to inject the fertility drugs into me. The initial prick is nothing to worry about, it's the nasty evil fluid that stings! Evan buried his head into my chest and let out this real hearty traumatic cry, luckily enough it only took me a minute or so to calm him down. I accepted the plaster, but I now wish I'd not bothered because it didn't really bleed after we had removed the cotton ball and the plaster was a pain to remove later on that evening when Evan was in the bath. I don't think he has anymore injections now until pre-school age so we're both happy about that!

Evan had a new experience this month learning what things he must remember not to do. We were giving him a new hair cut, these can take quite a time and are rather messy in the process. I was sitting in front of him keeping him amused whilst Caroline did the snipping. The occasional clump of hair dropped down in front of him and before I could stop him on this one instance, he picked it up and instinctively ate it! Big mistake.... he then pulled this funny face in disgust and pushed his tongue out with all the hair on it. I then spent the next few minutes trying to get it all out of his mouth, poor baby...
