Evan recently started showing signs of noticing things outside in particular he points to birds and makes _"oohh"_ noises when they fly around and hop along the floor. This month Evan had a new interest outside—planes. He absolutely adores them and seeing as we live just off the flight path to Heathrow Airport we do get our fair share or aeroplanes flying above the house and some are usually a lot closer if they are coming in to land, as Heathrow is roughly 20 minutes away from where we live. He loves the planes though and he can hear them even when he is indoors and he'll instinctively point up into the air. When I take him outside to look for the aeroplanes he is mesmerised by them and he can spot the ones flying really high as well. He can even spot them before we actually see them, so that's a good sign that he has good hearing!

We had a funny little moment this month. I arrived to collect Evan from nursery one Friday afternoon and I was getting lots of smiles from the staff as I passed them by. Evan was out in the garden playing in the Wendy house when I arrived, so I made my way outside to see him. I was stopped by one of the nursery staff who works in his room and she chuckled as she chatted to me, mentioning that they had a little accident today with the red paint. I laughed and groaned trying to remember what clothes he was dressed in this morning, wondering if I'd get the paint out in the wash. It took a few minutes for Evan to spot me and when he started to run over to me smiling away, I suddenly noticed something rather odd about his head. When he finally arrived at my feet I noticed the pink colouring in his fluffy blonde hair. They had had this free painting session in the afternoon and Evan chose the red paint. Instead of painting the paper, he blobbed a big glob of it in his head. They tried ever so hard to get the paint from his hair but for some reason it just wouldn't budge and instead it turned pink! Evan does have a thing for pink. It even stained his scalp! The clothes didn't escape punishment and he did go through my spare tops as well because he was wearing a t-shirt that was owned by the nursery.

Evan has started to show an interest in our neighbours dogs. At first he just called them cats, which was highly amusing but we've managed to get him to understand over the month of May that a dog is actually _"dog"_. He's sussed it out quite well, Our next door neighbour has an energetic dog that reminds me of a sheep dog and we have a low bit of fencing at the back of our garden that allows her to see into our garden to watch Evan. Evan knows exactly where the dog should be when she watches him play because he'll point over to the low bit of fencing whether she is there or not and still say _"Dug" (which is how dog sounds when he says it)._ He is more nervous with this dog than the neighbour across the road that has an even bigger dog _(like the Dulux paint dog, but his hair has been shaved)._ We did have one incident with Billy _(the Dulux dog)_ when he bumped past Evan and it startled him and made him cry but most of the time he just tries to follow them to stroke their backs.

Evan's mummies were very naughty this month and we _(well I decided)_ to have a go on Evan's swing with the non-baby seat attachment. My bum could just about squeeze in it and I placed Evan on my lap and we swayed forward and back. The trouble happened when we convinced Caroline to come and join us! She pushed us quite high to the amusement of Evan on my lap, but I just didn't feel safe and it terrified me! Suddenly the legs started to come out of the ground—that's no small feat either as these legs are supported by poles that are 12 inches long and hammered into the ground.

We took Evan into Reading with us this month for a shopping trip. I took a packed lunch as I knew we wouldn't be back home in time for his lunch. We actually went to our first meal venue with him, we chose to have our lunch at Pizza Hut. Evan appeared to enjoy the atmosphere around us and he ate most of his lunch plus helped us out with garlic bread and pizza. He really does love his garlic bread. I do find that when there is a lot going on around us at Evan's meal times, he gets a little lazy. This usually results in him not chewing enough and then having a little choke on the food. This happened twice at Pizza Hut, but luckily we all survived. His feeding has developed a significant amount this month in that he doesn't want any assistance at all. He will sometimes refuse to even have us sitting directly next to him and we just have to let him get on with it. That's ok when it's something chunky that he can pick up, but when we have cereals and soups, it's not so much fun because he can't get it all on the spoon or it just falls off as he tries to get it in his mouth. He is getting quite good at it though and the nursery rarely have to intervene to help him and that's probably why we are having difficulty because we've been trying to do the feeding, when all he wants, is to do it himself. We are still having difficulty in the evening feeding him his last meal but this is usually because of a mixture of things, he's tired and only a little bit hungry and he also knows he's due a bottle. The problem we are finding is that if he doesn't eat and refuses his food, he'll wake up a couple of hours into his sleep because he is hungry.
