We've converted Evan's walker into his car now and he loves to ride on it. He loves it when I push him really fast steering him around the room. He can however drive himself somewhat more slowly using his feet correctly. He still has to master the steering though and he has no problems getting on and off it either. He has also mastered turning his walker full of bricks instead of crying when it hits the wall. He now anticipates the distance to the wall and turns it accordingly, most of the time he does it perfectly.  

Evan started a new nursery this month, one that is much closer to my workplace and means I have no more worrying trips to the nursery wondering what the traffic is going to be like. I had a very close call this month, it was in Evan's last week at his old nursery and the main motorway home was at a standstill. Luckily I left work on time and made it with less than a minute to spare! It was sad to see him leave the nursery where he was settled and I did have my worries when we did the introduction days and throughout the first week because Evan was getting very upset. It didn't help that once again starting a brand new environment brought with it a load of new illnesses for Evan to get! After 2 whole weeks at the new nursery, we stopped getting tears and he seems to have settled really well. He's gone from being the most advanced and one of the oldest in his nursery room to being the youngest at his new nursery. He surrounded by a lot of 18 month to 2 year olds and they tower over him. They are speaking and always point at me and say *"Evan's mummy"* when I drop him off and collect him.  

Evan's speech is slowly developing at last and he is now showing signs of saying something like *"nana"*. I don't think he knows what it means though, it's just the next stage in his speech development, though I am sure the grandmothers will love it! He can say 'cat' and 'duck' pretty well now and his understanding is very good even though he's not actually saying words. I asked him to pick up the yellow block and he just kept pointing to any block on the floor but when I then asked him to pick up the yellow block by the ball, he pointed to it. After repeatedly asking and him pointing at the correct block *(he had the choice of 3)* he then picked up the block and stacked it on top of the 2 that were already stacked.  

Bath time fun is on the change again. He can now fill his boat with water, bring it to his mouth and then drink it! yuk... :).He can also tip cups of water out and he seems to think it is very funny to tip it over my head when I am washing his body or just launching them at me getting the bathroom completely soaked.  

Evan is such a cutie, these days when I am getting him dressed, the first thing he picks up is his comb. I've not really used his comb but somehow he knew exactly what to do with it. He held it up to the side of his head and did the combing action. He can even comb my hair when I ask him!—how cute is that?  

Evan has an obsession with boxes and baskets at the moment. He will carry them from one room to the other and then he will start putting items into the boxes ranging from his toys to our shoes! As soon as he has placed a few items in the container he will then take them out and take them to the next container he has found. He loves helping out and these little domestic traits are lovely to witness. One thing that Evan really enjoys is taking the recyclable rubbish to the recycling box outside. I will carry him and he will hold the recycling. When we arrive at the box he peers down and sometimes it takes a little while to coax him into dropping the item but he does do it eventually. I then say *"well done Evan, give mummy a high five!"*, holding my hand out in the air and Evan obliges with a couple of pats with his hand.  

I was changing Evan one day this month and he managed to pull a wipe out of the box while I was tending to his nether region. He made me laugh so much when he then started rubbing the wipe down by his groin—he was trying to help me wipe himself clean. He's a very domesticated little boy; he's witnessed several spillages with me cleaning them up. It's funny to watch him when he picks up a cloth, tea towel or tissue, he starts wiping any surface from tables to floors, it's adorable to watch.  

We have new teeth and one of them is his first molar. That was a big beast when it started to rupture and we had some very hard nights because Evan was waking a lot for cuddles. It's horrible seeing him in such discomfort but I am glad that my cuddles, a bottle or a small dose of Calpol do the trick.
