It's birthday time! This year has flown by and Evan has grown up so much. He's now this little boy who chats—a lot!  

We popped over to our neighbours to deliver Christmas cards and presents one weekend this month and Evan had so much fun playing with their daughter, who is about 9 months younger than Evan. Watching them together is so much fun, she just hangs on to him and uses him to climb up onto her feet and he just seems to tower over her. He was so excited that he just kept rushing around when he manages to trip on the laminated flooring and went head first into the coffee table. I've heard him cry before, but this was something else. It was very evident seconds later why he screamed so much. This big bulging bruise appeared on his temple and he developed a black eye. It looked horrific and we struggled to get a cold compress on him. Luckily for us all, it was just a lot of bruising and thankfully it was all gone by the time Christmas and his birthday arrived!  

Evan can count! He can count from 2 to 10, not sure why he misses out 1, but still that is such a good achievement. He knows the numbers as well, we'll often count objects in his books or toys and he can just pick the correct number, the lower ones are easiest e.g. 2, 3 and 4. I'm very impressed with him though.  

We went to his friend Megan's birthday party the weekend before Christmas and he had such a good time. He absolutely loved it, he just got on with everyone and played really nicely. He absolutely loved the kitchen area and spent a lot of time there with Alex and James cooking—typical boys! For days afterwards he was still saying *"Megan's party"* and *"Megan's cake"*.  

So many presents! Christmas was nice and quiet at Caroline's mum's house. We all ate really well, especially Evan, he just couldn't get enough of her cooking—it was delicious. We could tell he was eating well because he did a lot of poos! We decided not to take any toys with us for the Christmas/ birthday break as he'd be getting lots of presents. We did take one of his favourite toys—his Postman Pat van, so that he had something to play with until Christmas Day. We also knew he'd be at Nanny's wooden spoons and pots as well. We decided to spread the presents out, so we actually gave him some on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day because we were all experiencing little boring moments with not much to do.  

Evan slept really badly at Caroline's mum's over Christmas and we couldn't work out why. He just wouldn't go to sleep and would be crying on and off all night, he even got up and sat with us several times in the evening until he finally crashed at about 10.30pm. It didn't occur to me until on our way to my mum's for Boxing Day *(his birthday)* that maybe it was the day time nap that was the reason for him not sleeping. He'd been getting up late in the morning and still sleeping for 2 hours so no wonder he wasn't tired. We were right though, he doesn't have day time naps anymore unless he's at nursery, but that's only because we have to get him up early and he does get worn out there.  

Evan had even more presents for his birthday, there was a huge pile at his Grandma's and that was before we added ours to it! He knew what it was all about now though. When he saw the presents his reaction was—wow! and he just couldn't wait to open them. His favourite by far has to be the Lego Animal Zoo, he just loves the animals. He'll demand that I build it and then he'll just stack all the animals, with the poor mummy elephant at the bottom. Since Christmas, he has shown no interest in TV and that's a good thing—he would throw a tantrum when I wouldn't let him watch CBeebies, so I'm glad he's more interested in his toys now. He didn't quite understand it was his birthday, we brought the cake out and started singing happy birthday to him. He helped me blow the candles out but as soon as he finished he kept saying it was Megan's cake and we couldn't get him to understand that it was actually his, *cutie...*  

This month has been absolutely brilliant, it compares as good as the busy month we had in the Summer when we did lots of family trips. I love Christmas time especially now that I have a happy family to share it with. I loved every minute of it and I just loved having the tree up with all the decorations. Christmas truly is a lovely time of year, it's a shame global warming has stopped it from snowing!  

Evan was such a good little boy, he was so cute one evening that he just sat on Caroline's lap watching me play GTA attempting to complete a mission that Caroline was struggling with, that he just fell asleep... so adorable. He's definitely a cheeky little boy as well. He discovered the chocolates on the Christmas tree when my mum was looking after him one day when he was ill. That day, he didn't know what to do so he asked her to unwrap the tin foil wrapping. It didn't take him long to figure it out, I must have caught him eating about 4 over the Christmas break. It was quite amusing and although I never took it off him, I tried to explain to him to ask me first, but he never did. I'm just glad that one was enough—he only ever took one off the tree, per day. I did tell him off the day he knocked the tree over though! He'd eaten all the chocolates low down on the tree and was struggling to find them when he must have leant into it knocking it over. It landed away from him luckily, but it did break a couple of baubles so we'll be needing to stock up for next year!  

Happy New Year to you all and may 2007 be a great year for everyone!
