Evan is far more popular than I was when I was little. Today he went to his friend Joshua's birthday party at an indoor play centre called Mad House. This is the 4th party Evan has been to and he had a 5th one, but wasn't able to attend due to already having plans that day. I hope he stays a popular little chap because it's not nice having no friends at school!  

He always takes a little while to get used to a new place and the same applied here. He was rather nervous to begin with and I had to accompany him to the baby area before he started to settle down. I had to get on the climbing frame and chase him around to make him feel more comfortable with the environment. I even managed to get him on the slide.  

I wasn't sure we'd get him on the big climbing area *(where all his friends were playing)* but then I spotted a little car at the top that all the kids were climbing in and I said to Evan *"Lets go and play in the car!"* That was that, we climbed right to the top and he played in the car. We then found some of his friends and I managed to get him to go down the big slide as well. He loved it! *"That was really fast mummy, lets do it again!"* he said.  

We climbed again and met his friend Lara at the top and we all decided to go down the big slide together. This is where it all went horribly wrong. Me being an adult travels a little faster than a 4 year old because I am heavier. I tried to keep hold of Evan but the momentum of me going down faster made Evan flip over and bump his head. I couldn't get him on it after that, he was too scared. We're going to go to Mad House again when I have my holiday at the end of March to make sure that we get him over this little hiccup. He did have a fun day, the slide incident was just a mad mummy moment!  

We had such a great time that I am determined to find a way to give Evan a birthday party this year, although it might have to be in early January because I guess most children will be busy in the Christmas week.
