We had a surprise visit from Caroline this week. She was going to come down to see us for a day but we had the pleasure of having her for the whole week because she'd had a slight falling out with her mum. It's sad that she had the falling out, but Evan and I were the beneficiaries here because we had a lovely time with her.  Caroline and I get on very well, we just slotted right back into place. We know each other so well and generally find each others company pleasant. It did feel odd that this time we were just friends but it also meant that we didn't have to worry about relationship woes, we could just laugh and joke like the old days.  

A few things have changed since she was last around us—I cook more! That's right, I had a roast dinner prepared for her on the first day and we had some meals throughout the week that she doesn't get to eat with her new girlfriend due to food differences. I met her new girlfriend Angie as she stayed over on one occasion that allowed me to go to football training, the first time since Caroline and I had split up. Her girlfriend was a natural with Evan and she was a very lovely lady. She had this natural charm with Evan, getting down on the floor and playing with him almost immediately—it was a joy to watch them.

Evan had another accident at nursery this week whilst Caroline was here. Not as nasty as the first time but it was nice to have Caroline around to help me with him. I had the call at work and you always know when something isn't quite right because they don't say *"He's absolutely fine"* the moment you establish that it is the nursery. He was running around in the quiet room *(shouldn't a quiet room be for calmness!?)*, where the door is a stable door that splits half way. The bottom part of the door was closed and the top part was open and somehow Evan managed to trip hitting the underside corner of the top part of the door. It left a gash in the top of his head, luckily no stitches were required, but he was sporting a crazy looking bandage for 24 hours. We had a few tricky moments getting clothes on and off and Caroline did a great job at coaxing Evan into some buttoned PJ's—he has a phobia of buttons, he absolutely hates them on t-shirts and tops!
