Today we took a long drive to Dunstable to visit our friends Mel and James and their little boy Sam who had just had his 1st birthday. Sam was about 5 months old when we last saw him and he was cruising around this time and very interested in Evan.

I've been having difficulty getting Evan to do poo's on the toilet. He's been in pull-ups for a while and he'll quite happily go to the toilet for a wee but everything else seems to still get done in the pull-up. This has been stopping me from wanting to switch him permanently over to pants. He'll sometimes just go to the toilet for a wee and then 5 minutes later do a poo in the pull-ups and it just baffles me why he couldn't have just done that on the toilet 5 minutes earlier!

We decided to take a walk in the field whilst at Mel's, they are surrounded by countryside and you can't go to the countryside without enjoying it with a nice walk! It was a lovely day, not too chilly and it gave Evan the chance to have a run. He's so fast these days that I struggle to catch him when he's had a little bit of a head start! I lost him in the overgrown grass and he fell into some spiky little bushes.

We took a detour on the way back to take Evan to the local park and to get Sam off to sleep in his push chair. Evan gets so excited sometimes that it makes him poo and well this is what happened en route to the park. By the time we got to the park he was walking like a cowboy and he smelled pretty bad too! We couldn't let him get to the park and not go on the rides, so we let him play for a little bit. We had one close call when Mel was putting him on the swing and his pull-up almost fell down—euuw yukky.. That was when we decided to walk home. I needed a peg to clear that up when we got home, it was everywhere and I had to try so hard not to gag!
