Today Evan and I went to London Aquarium with my friend Craig and his daughter Hannah. This trip would give Evan his first experience on a train and the tube. It ended up giving us all a lot more than we bargained for!

Craig left me in charge of bringing the printed tickets—I'm a woman you see and we're good at remembering the important things.

The day started early at 10am, with Evan using Craig's spare push chair as we gave ours away to my brother. The walk to the train station was pretty uneventful, Craig had to run back for his phone but that was all. We bought the train tickets and just waited for the train. We were just enjoying a casual chat and watching the other trains when Craig asked _"You have the aquarium tickets right?"... "umm... the tickets?—no!!!"_. I looked at my watch, we had roughly 10 minutes before the train was due... I dropped everything and started to run... I ran back to the house to get the tickets and ran back.. I was so close to getting back to the station when I saw the train depart! I couldn't believe it... How could I forget the one thing I was tasked with! The next train would have been ages so we decided to give the children their first experience in a taxi. We caught a taxi to Slough train station from Burnham and caught the next train to London from there. Apparently Evan was all for getting on the train without me and Craig did a great job convincing them that it wasn't really the right train to London!

The trip to London was pretty uneventful, however it was very hard work. You don't realise just how many steps there are in the London Underground until you have to navigate them with a push chair! I was fairly lucky being a woman, I had a lot of kind strangers offer me a hand going up and down the stairs but jeez it was really really hard work! By the time we got to the Aquarium I was absolutely exhausted and in need of a rest/sleep. We saw the London Eye whilst trying to find the entrance to the Aquarium, which is harder than you might think.

We were all absolutely starving but couldn't find anywhere to eat, so we just went in to the aquarium and figured we'd sort food out later. That probably wasn't a wise move, it was really uncomfortable for me, though it didn't bother the kids.

The best feature in there was of course the sharks—Evan absolutely loved it. Every time a shark swam past he got really excited and started shouting _"Look mummy, a shark!"_ It really was lovely to watch how excited he got. He liked the ray pool, compared to Evan, these fish were giant and they swim right up to the surface so you can get really close to them. It was very handy having Craig there, he's a diver and knew all the names of the fish, so we were able to just ask him questions and he'd give us all the answers.

Luckily there was a McDonalds immediately outside the exit to the Aquarium, so that was a handy food choice for us. By that time I didn't really care what we ate as long as it was edible...

The trip home was just as eventful! We walked past this horror place and outside was a man in a werewolf costume. I thought it might amuse Evan, so I pointed him out. How was I to predict what would happen next?!?!? The werewolf man did a little clawing action to Evan. As Evan turned to look at what I was showing him, his body flinched so violently, his face went white with terror and his eyes opened wide. He launched into this terrified cry and I just had no idea that would happen, Craig had his suspicions though! I was taken aback by his reaction that I initially laughed _(bad mummy)_ before trying to console my terrified son. For the rest of the trip home Evan wouldn't stop talking about the "Bearwolf" _(that's what he called it)_. He even had a mini nightmare on the tube when he fell asleep, he woke up all startled saying the Bearwolf was coming to get us in our home!

We had a few issues on the tube ride home, it couldn't stop at our tube station because there had been a serious incident. I didn't see what it was as we went through Paddington station but Craig who was sitting at the window saw a person lying on the platform with a blanket covering them up :(. Glad Evan and I didn't see that!

All in all, a very enjoyable first day trip to London. I am very glad I had another adult to share the fun with as I'm not sure I would have coped as well if it were just Evan and me.
