**What night to remember!** Evan went to stay with my mum for a few days this week to allow me to travel to London with friends to watch my beloved Tottenham Hotspur face their arch rivals Arsenal in the Carling Cup semi-final at White Hart Lane.

We left work at 4.30pm and drove into London, it took us roughly 2 and a half hours to get there but it was worth every minute.

I was feeling optimistic, Tottenham should have been 1 up from the first leg at Arsenal 2 weeks earlier and I just had a feeling that this would be the year to beat Arsenal. Spurs haven't achieved that since 1999 so most people thought I was mad. However, after last years debacle at White Hart Lane at the same stage against the same team when Spurs were leading 2-0 only to throw it all away and let Arsenal draw the game at 2-2, I just had a feeling that the boys were out for revenge and that the same mistake would not be made.

I expected a win, but what I witnessed live was unbelievable. 1-0 up after a few minutes had me thinking scoring early was not good as Tottenham are notoriously bad at holding onto a narrow lead. They needed more goals and boy were we in for a feast! 2-0 up at half time, with Arsenal now playing quite a few first team regulars I thought they would come out fighting. They did, but Juande Ramos's blue and white army had other ideas in mind—3 more goals to be precise!

I was filming the end of the match on my phone, with the 30,000+ supporters all singing _"We're Going to Wembley..."_ when the 5th goal went in, absolutely fantastic.

This was without a doubt the best game I have ever seen Tottenham play live. I Absolutely loved it and I was buzzing for days after this one. Is this the year for Tottenham to win something...? I'm optimistic and I hope they prove the critics wrong and beat Chelsea next month to lift the Carling Cup at Wembley.

Goal highlights from Sky Sports.
